"x"
"1" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"2" "Enjoyed an excellent return flight, very comfortable seating with plenty of leg room which surprised me in economy. The food was delicious, I opted for the Western dish on the way there, it didn't look great but it was so tasty. On the way home I had the Korean food and I…"
"3" "I didn't expect this flight to be as great as it was. It was a relatively short flight so I didn't expect to get a meal but they served dinner and drinks and the food tasted nice. The entertainment system worked perfectly and there were a lot of options to chose from. The staff…"
"4" "One uncoordinated aspect of the flights affects the entire experience negatively.  Airport staff of Asiana did not inform passengers that our baggage were taken off the conveyor and placed on the floor.  That’s what we remember from the two flights.  The Asiana business class…"
"5" "Our experience would have been better if the cabin crew speaks English fluently.  However, they are courteous, food choices are not bad, there are different kinds of tea to choose from which describes its benefits and hot towels were given four times throughout the flights. …"
"6" "The business smartium class, one from icn to sfo is awesome. Comes in 1-2-1 configuration so all seata have access to the aisle. Nice bubby as welcome drink. Head of attendants personally greets passengers. Nice meal services. Comfortable lay flat beds with hefty music and…"
"7" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"8" "At last we've gone back to a multiple choice menu ex ICN. Not just Western or Korean. A350 was quiet and smooth. Crew good- only thing was a request for what we wanted for our snack (end of flight meal) just after dinner. Half way through the 11 hour flight crew wandered round…"
"9" "All the long haul accoutrements,  except boarding glass of champagne.  My jacket was stored by crew, full 3 course hot meal (which was excellent ) plus drinks was served. Flight on time. Airbus 320/1 with 2 by 2 seating in a 6 seat cabin. Old fashioned recliners meant those in…"
"10" "This airline puts United to shame! The sparkling A380 double decker was an experience in itself.  Service was impeccable and was anticipatory...namely never have to look for an arttendant when you wanted or needed one.  The food choices were \"Western\" or \"Asian\". Cocktails were…"
"11" "I bought the cheapest tickets half a year ago to fly from Hong Kong to Seoul.  It was a red eye flight. Since my bf and I bought separate flight tickets, we couldn't checkin online 48 hours before hand, so we got to the international airport 2 hours in advance and there was…"
"12" "We sat on 1F & 1D seats for the longer flight from Los Angeles to Incheon & though I don’t recommend sitting on these seats, it was the only ones available for a couple when we booked. The food selection was good: there was always a Western meal then a Korean meal & service is…"
"13" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"14" "Good food on both legs. A350 was quiet and pleasant, cabin crew by and large friendly and helpful. One attendant got annoyed with me wanting to visit a friend in Economy Smartium, and was slightly aggressive. Both sectors on time.The ICN central business lounge has gone rushing…"
"15" "Bullet points: * Brand new A350 craft with generous leg space. * Traditional Korean dinner and breakfast experience. * Seats allocation need to be noticed ( as details below).  Reviews:  Airport services Asiana has its own service team at the check-in point with both English and…"
"16" "Flew from LAX to Seoul, Seoul to Osaka, then Fukuoka to LAX, all separate legs over 6 weeks. Service was outstanding. So we’re the meals. Aircraft used on our flights seemed new and very modern. Would absolutely have no hesitation to fly on Asiana again."
"17" "I had a round trip to Fukuoka from Inchon. The flight is short, but they serve a meal for lunch. It was light. The luggage limit was 50 lb, which was great. The plane was old, but it kept it in good shape. I had noticed the prep in the plane was not perfect: noticed the refill…"
"18" "Been fly with them many times too !! Love the service!!! And the aircraft very nice too love the airbus they have"
"19" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"20" "London to Osaka and Tokyo to London, both with a stopover in South Korea (Incheon/Seoul) for a trip to Japan during the blossom trees season (very high season), and the price I got was excellent compared to other airlines.  The online auto-check-in system they have is very…"
"21" "I bought return flights from London to Japan with Asiana airlines with a stopover in South Korea (Seoul) for a trip during the highest season of the year in Japan, and the price I got was excellent compared to other airlines.  The check-in process was smooth (loved the…"
"22" "Excellent service: friendly ground crew and flight attendants, some of the FAs didn't speak great English but they were very helpful, water was brought around on a regular basis, responded to call button quickly. Food was excellent - bibimbap for lunch and spicy octopus for…"
"23" "Returned to Hong Kong from Los Angelas with Asiana recently and had a nice flight, very good value for money based on the very low economy class tickets we had booked 9 months before our trip.   Check-in at LAX was quick and simple. Clearing security and immigration in the Tom…"
"24" "Aircraft was an Airbus330-300, I had just arrived in Singapore with Qantas on the same type of aircraft.  The Asiana aircraft interior was ancient compared to the Qantas aircraft.  The seats were ancient and n to lie-flat seats.  The screens were so pixelated you couldn't watch…"
"25" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"26" "I have flown many different airlines on business class. This was my first experience on Asiana and what an amazing experience it was. The food and service far surpassed anything I’ve received before. Food was like dining in a 5* restaurant and was plentiful. Tea and coffee…"
"27" "On time, hot meal, friendly service, reasonable seat room. There was nothing wrong with the flight and overall Asiana is a reasonable choice."
"28" "These guys know what they're doing.  First class treatment no matter the class of service and best value for your money.  Loved the stewardess' attire.  Classy gals.  Highly recommend."
"29" "Great food. Good space. Good amenities. Simple. The flight attendants were very friendly and made the flight very comfortable."
"30" "Asiana is one of the best values in Pacific travel.  They still offer a quality product at very low cost.  There are none for the fees seen in the USA or European low cost airlines. All tickets include seat reservation, checked luggage and meals. The staff were easy on carry-on…"
"31" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"32" "Check in was a bit troublesome as the agent was initially having some unknown problem with my ticket.    Eventually the glitch was sorted out and I was given boarding pass all the way to my final destination.    Realized upon arriving at the gate that Initially scheduled A330…"
"33" "I Will admit when i booked the flight I was a little reluctant, had ever heard about Asiana and was unsure what I was getting myself into! But my worries were put to shame, everything from boarding to inflight service, entertainment and food was above and beyond! I Will most…"
"34" "We chose Asiana for our flight to Tokyo even though we knew it would involve a 3 hour layover in Seoul.  It saved us about ￡700 for two people compared with a direct flight. No major issues. Plane was fine and very much on a par with many other midmarket carriers. Minor issue…"
"35" "I took return flights from Tokyo to London via ICN and to Dehli on business class.  The services, food and seats are not outstanding at all.  Particularly food was challenging for me. However, if one thinks about its price which is less than half of the other carriers, their…"
"36" "Traveled for family holiday from Bangkok to NY via Seoul. Flights were reasonably punctual. Service was friendly and efficient. Food was very good, light meals and snacks on offer throughout the flight."
"37" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"38" "We were lucky that there was no queue at check-in. After check-in we were asked to wait 5 minutes while our luggage goes through an x-ray inspection.  The seat of our aircraft was comfortable and seems to have a bit of a leg room. The flight attendants seemed helpful although I…"
"39" "This is the worse airlines in Asia! They deserve 0 stars! Very poor customer service, disgusting food, and most of all, we missed our connection flight to US because of problems with the airport congestion (totally not your passengers fault!) we were given the run around at the…"
"40" "Staff told me about my refund my ticket but they never gave to me . Staff is not helpful . Poor customer service and food service. Food quality is low . They don’t know how treat their customers. They should train their staff properly. Rude and uneducated staff . Worst…"
"41" "Flew Asiana's A380 from Frankfurt to Seoul.    The aircraft was fairly new and seat pitch was great and had ample rooms to stretch my legs for the long haul.     In terms of AVOD, movie selection was somewhat limited but it was not too bad.     In flight meals were really good…"
"42" "First experience on Asiana and was quite pleased with my experience. Asiana is well run and service oriented. The economy seats are more comfortable than other airlines I've flown. Unfortunately, there was no seatback tv from Incheon to Nanjing nor internet service. The flight…"
"43" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"44" "This was my fourth Asiana Airlines flight in three months and every one has been outstanding. From check-in to de-planing the whole experience is excellent. The ground staff and cabin crew were smart, friendly and responsive. The plane (an A350) was very new, all of the Club…"
"45" "I travelled to Japan on Asiana and found the quality of service to be excellent,. I could not find my passport, when we arrived at Seoul,. The airline staff were extremely helpful in searching for it, but it could not be found before my connecting flight to Tokyo,. Subsequently,…"
"46" "It’s my first time taking Asiana to seoul, but definitely will be my last. Haha. The chair arrangement is kinda odd as my tv is not in front of me but side ways. No USB port but you can still charge if you bring the whole plug. Not a very pleasant experience."
"47" "Honestly i would say that i used Asiana Airlines phone number +1 844-313-4734 for booking my flight ticket. It was much easier to book your flight ticket through phone number rather than through its website or mobile app. But quality of service on the flight was amazing. Also it…"
"48" "Our departing flight left a little late, but they were very good to let us know.  Flight attendants on board were great.  Food was decent as airline food goes."
"49" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"50" "The equipment from Singapore to Seoul had no personal video.  It did have some audio channels, though.  The service, on the other hand, was excellent. And the leg room in Economy was above average.   Ground service was great as well."
"51" "Absolutely loved the professionalism and efficiency of this airline.  The flight was clean, the meals were excellent and there were tons of flight attendants who were friendly and professional.  The only downside I experienced was an excessive charge for checking an additional…"
"52" "We just finished a flight from HK to LAX by way of Incheon (Seoul) with Asiana Airlines, who to their credit did a nice job working around unavoidable weather related delays, providing us with a pretty good flight experience.   Flight was booked directly through their website…"
"53" "Asiana consistently sits on the top rungs of Skytrax rankings. Although there is room for improvement,  overall position of the airline vis-a-vis it's peers is justified. At least when it comes customer experience.   This flight was about 1h40. A slightly older A321, with a well…"
"54" "This was my third flight with Asiana in two months and it was equally as good as the other two. Check-in was easy and the Business lounge was in the Air New Zealand suite, very close to the departure gate. The plane was a 777, noticeably older than the A350 and A380 which I had…"
"55" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"56" "Traveled on the A350 from London to Seoul, On the A380 Seoul to Sydney. used United Lounge in terminal two which was a comfortable heaven after a long walk from checking, good choice of food and drinks and next to the departure gates.Business class suite was very comfortable in…"
"57" "Asiana Airline has a great business lounge in Incheon International Airport, especially, it served the super and various meals. I am always looking forward to visiting the lounge whenever I visit to Incheon International Airport. This flight had the full passengers. There are…"
"58" "I can’t say enough good things about this airline. The flights were on time, they plane was clean, they kept the restrooms clean and stocked with toothbrush’s and toothpaste. The flight attendants were very friendly and the came around with water and juice quite often.  We flew…"
"59" "I actually cannot review the actual flight because I did have to cancel my ticket but I had such an amazing experience with their customer service I had to review them. Also I immediately booked a new flight through them so I can update this next month when I do fly. They made a…"
"60" "We used Asiana for all three of our flights on our trip to Korea and Japan. I was quite impressed; their planes were rather comfortable (especially the one from Los Angeles to Seoul), their meals were good and the service was excellent. They even served us a meal on our short…"
"61" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"62" "I have been flying with Asiana Airlines on all my trips (4 trips) in 2018 and 2019. I chose Asiana Airlines because it has been one of the cheapest options (~ 600-900) to Asia. The flight attendants were respectful and polite. The cabin was clean. The foods were delicious. I…"
"63" "We usually fly Emirates to Australia as we can fly out of our local airport. However, as flights were quite expensive we decided to shop around. A call to Trailfinders led to a suggestion of using Asiana Airlines which would cost us almost half the amount of flying with…"
"64" "I never experienced anything as the flights with Asiana on this trip despite remembering that it was some upper-class airline before this is an absolute no-go experience and an airline sure to avoid for the future. It started all with the flight from Bangkok to Seoul (OZ 742 on…"
"65" "This is a long flight but Asiana makes it pass quickly and easily. They offer a great selection of movies, the meals a good and the drinks are endless. The flight staff are very friendly and are willing to assist in any way. This is 1 of my favorite airlines."
"66" "I took OZ751 on 29/3/2019, was would like to commend all the crew members of the business class cabin. Services were excellent and all of them were attentive, helpful and smiley. Well done and thank you! <U+0001F44D>"
"67" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"68" "It was a nice experience for a first time international traveler for me. Food is delicious and even if the personnel were Koreans, they know how to communicate well with other nationalities. Staff are very polite too. Seats were comfortable even in the economy class. My problem…"
"69" "Meal was great along with cabin service.check in was very smooth and the fact they spoke english was a real plus Thank you"
"70" "We took this long haul flight with this airline for the second time. Checking in was very easy and fast, the airport lounge in Incheon was very good, food and drinks were plenty to offer. The in flight service was excellent. The entire flight was comfortable. Highly recommended."
"71" "Booked online and got a very good deal with a flight from London via Seoul and onto Osaka Japan.  We booked extra leg room seats via their London Customer Service department. The staff member was so helpful and informative .  It cost an extra ￡100 pp each way to be seated in…"
"72" "Asiana airlines cabin crews are very kind even if the flight is full. The meals are great and services are good."
"73" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"74" "I love flying on Asiana. This flight, although there were some pretty fun turbulence, was great!  As usual, the crew were great and did everything with a smile.   Definitely flying with Asian again. "
"75" "Seoul to New York was a long flight, 13 hrs my longest flight in my life. The flight was good , service was good,, in flight entertainment was very limited and food was Korean biased. Booking seat selection was nicely done,"
"76" "first the positives:  1) not very costly 2) seat selection free in advance 3) food options available 4) seats comfortable 5) cabin service was very good. smiling staff  Negatives:  1) in flight entertainment very limited 2) screen size too small"
"77" "Booked through a travel agency in Vegas and the agent was so informative to suggest that the long layover of 8 hours at Inchon could be utilized to take a short free tour of the surrounding areas of Inchon.  He suggested to make a reservation to take the free tour at the airport…"
"78" "관련 업계의 2 곳 전시회 참관을 위하여 독일 출장을 갔었고 15일 귀국을 앞두고 12일 토요일에 업계의 각국 지인들과 저녁을 같이 하게 되었다. 중국, 캐나다, 미국 지인들이 함께 했는데 귀국 예정일인 15일에 프랑크푸르트 공항이 파업으로 폐쇄될 확률이 많으니 다른 공항을 이용하라는 안내를 자국 항공사와 대사관을 통해서 전달 받았다고 했다. 물론 그 때까지 나는 아무런 통지를 받지 못했었다. 1월 14일 한국시각 11시 10분, 현지시각 새벽 3시 10분에서야 항공사에서 카카오 톡으로…"
"79" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"80" "맛이 너무 없어서 도저히 먹을 수가 없다는 말에 기내식을 준비하는 업체가 바뀌고는 그런 얘기를 많이 듣는다고 하더군요. 과일은 신선하지도 맛도 없었고 치즈는 사탕을 깨무는 기분이 들 정도로 굳어 있었으며, 국은 더운 물에 말린 야채를 풀어 놓은 듯 하였고 고기는 기름 덩어리에 제대로 익지도 않았습니다.   I don’t want to recommend Asiana if you are an epicure. Fruit was not fresh, cheese was too hard to eat,…"
"81" "Airfare - reasonable price during low season via their official website.  Can select the seat & special meal in advance without extra cost.  Check-in - recommends to do online check-in.  Everything was smooth while check-in at the airport in HK.  I also tried their city check-in…"
"82" "This was our third trip to/from the Philippines, and our second trip there and back with Asiana Airlines & we were not let down!  Plenty of legroom & shoulder room for both flights - LAX to Seoul (A380 Airbus)  & Seoul to Manila (747).  Food & beverages were excellent, Service…"
"83" "Nothing exciting to report which means that all went smoothly and according to schedule. The crew was helpful and friendly, the flight was on time, wish it was always this smooth!"
"84" "An 11hr business class flight in an A380 during the day, upstairs and your expecting that plane with the bar to go and hang out at just like the other long haul flights right? Well no! They obviously decided not to cater for the Aussies enroute to Korea.   Additionally the…"
"85" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"86" "Best flight everrr Didn’t feel like 12 hours from Seoul, South Korea to Heathrow, London. Had enough leg space and the food was brilliantttt"
"87" "This was my first international flight. I flew to South Korea through Asiana Airlines from ORD to ICN. It was a 14 hour non-stop flight. I had a window seat, though for the majority of the flight it was closed. Will most likely take an aisle seat the next time I have a long…"
"88" "For my first visit to Seoul, South Korea and Manila, Philippines, I chose Asiana airlines over Korean airlines because they had the most efficient connecting flight to Manila.  Korean Airlines would have been more expensive.   The best part about this flight is that they use the…"
"89" "Overall OK but the in flight food not meeting taste bud. The flight slightly delay nearly 20 minutes. The stewardess wearing a nice apron during serving the food. Its look nice."
"90" "I’ve been to Seoul several times, yet this is the first time i’m flying Asiana airlines from Jakarta. Asiana offers direct flight daily from Soekarno Hatta Int Airport in Jakarta/Tangerang (CGK) to Incheon Int Airport in Seoul (ICN). The flight takes 7 hours, it departs at 11.50…"
"91" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"92" "First time for me, I had expectations, yes, food is good, but nothing surprise, because I am here comparing with other Asia airlines, of course, they have standards, nothing will disappoint you, but nothing surprise. I transferred from Seoul to Phuket, it was 6 hours journey,…"
"93" "We were very pleased with this airline. Our flights boarded on time and our luggage made it through to our final destination with a short connection.  The ground staff and the flight crew were courteous and efficient. Our seats were fairly spacious for economy seating, and we…"
"94" "Very good service, for such short flight food was excellent and on board service very helpfull. Easy check-in and fast boarding. In general no complaints!!"
"95" "Flew from HOn to Sydney via Seoul.  The seats on the Hon to Seoul were not great.  They were the inclined/ recline.  The Seoul to Sydney was an A380 with the fully flat seats. That said the service was incredible. The food was nicely done and beverages were great.  The…"
"96" "My favourite A380 for the first leg to Seoul..3 hr stop-over then A350 to Sydney. Excellent lounges ..everything you could want on board..good food and wide variety of drinks. Limited English from some cabin crew but utterly delightful and beautifully turned out.Could not have…"
"97" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"98" "It was fine, but economy class is still cramped.  They do give you slippers to wear during the flight!"
"99" "February 19th to Jakarta from Seoul. 2.5 Hour delay of departure due to delay from connection flight, probably the plane coming from China. Original arrival time in Jakarta was already late night at 10:30pm, but due to delay, arrival schedule was pushed out to 1:00am. And for my…"
"100" "I will fly this airline because of the flight times and price and service. The flight I prefer leaves Chicago at 11;55 p.m., and with a short layover in Korea you arrive in Manila in the A.M., therefore, you can book a connecting flight the same day and you do not need a hotel…"
"101" "Good flight, polite service, nice food, clean plane, relatively comfortable seating and arrived on time."
"102" "We flew business class on an Airbus 380. The attendants were top notch. Food was on par with the better international carriers. When choosing your seat, make sure your seat is not on the aisle, i.e. storage serves as a buffer between you and the aisle. I had a window seat that…"
"103" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"104" "I have sleep apnia.  This is a problem in which the patient's windpipe collapses during deep sleep.  The apparently best way to take care of this problem is to use a CPAP machine which pushes air down the windpipe and so that you can breath air while you sleep. I have traveled…"
"105" "We had a very short layover (50 minutes) in South Korea on our way to JFK. When we entered the plane in Phuket, the crew knew that and said they would help us when we arrived in South Korea.  We experienced additional storm delays and we felt we didn't have a chance of making…"
"106" "My flight home was on a nicer (newer?) plane than my outgoing flight. Both planes were spacious for economy, both provided fairly good food and plentiful juice/water...but I couldn't get the video to work and there was no USB port on the first flight. Staff were courteous.…"
"107" "1st time flying on this airline.  Service was not bad, food served onboard also not bad.  We were flying to Changchun via Seoul.  Our stopover time is about 2 1/2 hrs and we managed to walk around the nice airport and have a bit of Pho (Vietnam noodles) before re-boarding on our…"
"108" "Having arrived from London into Seoul, this was my connecting flight to Sydney. Another 10 hour flight! I unwittingly tested the service of Asiana Airlines by leaving my mobile phone on the London flight and only discovering my problem when sitting in the Asiana lounge waiting…"
"109" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"110" "As a first time mom who travels international for the first time, I had the best experience. Asian has the best costumer service when checking in at the airport (LAX). No hassle at all. Being in the economy class flight, seat and leg room was ok.  Food was great."
"111" "Probably the best flight I have experienced in 50 years of flying for business and leisure. Boarding was easy with a separate bridge for Business Class and the Business section on the A350 is configured with four forward facing seat/flat beds; excellent.  The flight attendants…"
"112" "Flight is ok outbound the Flight attendants in Economy class was vey nice and courteous. I had upgraded to Economy plus for leg room and one of them came and ask me if I like to move 2 rows back with seats available to sleep.  The Business lounge in Seoul is very nice since I am…"
"113" "Celebrated Thanksgiving Day 2018 in LA once again. Going to LA, I took Asiana Airlines as I did in the previous years and trips. I enjoy the airline's A380 flight as I feel very safe and comfortable in that big plane.   In my recent flight, however, Asiana used an overrated…"
"114" "Asiana is a Korea-based airlines with perfect service, truly bilingual staff  (female only?) with an eternal smile and perfect manners. The food was excellent and servings generous. US airlines have so much to learn from their Asian counterparts!"
"115" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"116" "Because of a delay, Delta rearranged my itinerary (dest. Hangzhou) and the last leg was changed to Asiana Airline OZ359.  When I got to the transfer desk in Terminal 1 of Incheon Airport, a female agent looked up my info and said exactly “The flight is full. You are on standby.…"
"117" "Asian Airlines is a company I respect based on my previous experience, but after today’s flight, it looks like the services standards have dropped down. It’s started with the Seoul transfer desk where I had communication with the representative who arrogantly responded to my…"
"118" "I flew a red-eye flight from Singapore to Seoul (there were toothbrushes provided in the bathroom) during the peak Chinese New Year season and thus the prices were a little high on the side.   This was my first time flying with time and I found the service staff to be courteous…"
"119" "Cabin crew were very professional, pleasant and very polite. All the ladies were pretty,well dressed, puts on refreshing perfume and accommodating to passengers. I had a good flight to and fro from Singapore to Seoul! Well spoken in English too! "
"120" "Flew from Shenzhen to Seoul on Asiana.  Very nice business class with reclining seats, great choice of food (western and asian).  "
"121" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"122" "This flight had some mechanical equipment failure found when heading for the runway. Yes, it is not a good experience. but they managed the situation quite well, I think.  One of the senior cabin crew personally visited from business to economy class giving quite frankly spoken…"
"123" "Last leg of my trip flying ICN to LAX on A380 upper deck, upon boarding immediately discovered trash from the inbound flight’s catering service at my seat - gross! Trash extended to the row behind me as well and was not collected until the passengers behind me brought it to the…"
"124" "Flight Delhi- Inchon- Honolulu and Seattle- Inchon- Delhi. Dep Delhi 15 Dec and Dep Seattle 04 Jan 19"
"125" "The whole experience was awful. The customer service would blame the customer, who did not call earlier. Their mobile apps did not work. You won’t be able to check in online.  The attitude of the customer service is: I dont care!"
"126" "The flight comfort was good, the IFE , food all were good. Cabin crew were very cooperative and helpful."
"127" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"128" "OZ 202, ICN-LAX, was operated on OZ's flagship A380.  I'm NOT a big fan of the whale (based on 6 flights in business class); I find the upper deck to shake too much as people move around, which disturbs my sleep.    The OZ A380 \"smartium\" seat is packed in a bit more densely…"
"129" "OZ 111 was operated with an A350-900, the newest addition to OZ's fleet.  The \"smartium\" business hard product is similar to what OZ uses on its A380 - but there is noticeably more space per seat on the A350.    We had VGMLs on order - and for a sub-2 hour flight, they were…"
"130" "             It was my first time flying with Asiana and I was highly impressed with the care that this airline gives its customers.   There is no better deal out there if you want to fly from Manila to LAX in business class, The price is amazing!! My experience with Asiana was…"
"131" "We were waiting 4 hours within the plane waiting for some announced “maintenance” work until we were told that the flight is finally postponed to more than 15 hours later..."
"132" "My husband, daughter and I flew to Seoul from our home port of Naha. We went over the Martin Luther King holiday. This was our first time on Asiana. We were very impressed. In an age where nothing is offered for free and you pay for every little thing...we were pleasantly…"
"133" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"134" "Good overall carrier service air side, very good attentive, food is good and you can pre order any special meals, diabetic, child's, etc. In flight drinks and beverages abundant and good movies.Good check in service and ez, priced to carry people which makes them good value.…"
"135" "Horrible Airlines and customer service. Do not purchase tickets with this company. They often have \"technical difficulties\" online and charge your account without issuing tickets. They charged my account over $1300 for tickets I never received. I had to call the bank and issue…"
"136" "Asiana kept coming up cheaper than Korean but of course just a bit more than the low cost carriers. Decided to give them a try since they had a decent flight time from HNL and a few options ICN to BKK. We took the one with the 50 minute connector. The flight HNL ICN is a big…"
"137" "Asiana is the best flight among Korean airlines for the family has kids/toddler. They provide Kids meal (if we order prior to check in). And also they give some kids toy like colored penciles, sketch book and tiger masks. Even the flight time is very short (about half and an…"
"138" "Great experience, well worth the money. The whole experience was fantastic, the lay flat beds enabled my husband who is 6ft to lay down, the only drawback was that he has quite big feet & the area tapers at the end not allowing both feet to be upright at the same time. The…"
"139" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"140" "Absolutely amazing airline. Although I was only in economy class, I still found a note from  the crew to let them know when I want to have food served (I was sleeping and didn't wake up for the food being served). And they were so polite and kind. Also the food was tasty. I am…"
"141" "Another great flight for 12 hours to Frankfurt Germany was great outside of flight being delayed a few hours...but it worked out. Great service - attentative to detail...."
"142" "The airlines is top class - and the food is excellent. The service is top notch. I will always recommend them when I fly and nice it is part of the United program alliance."
"143" "I had flied 2 round trips with Asiana Airline in past several years.   First time was 2 years ago, round trip from LAX to Guangzhou. Flight was delayed in LAX for 3 hours, so it missed the flight from Inchon. So I had to wait in the airport from 9am to 5pm to wait for another…"
"144" "To start off, I can't fault the service. They are quite professional. Food was good. I've had their Western meal -- the steak -- for about 3-4 times on different occasions. Quality was consistently very good. Entertainment was limited and the selection leaves much to be desired.…"
"145" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"146" "From Osaka to HK i was flight with big aeroplane (Airbus), the service was great, tv size quiet big and the food quiet delicious. Then I was transit at seoul, asiana have own lounge that we can use for free while transit...it consist of few sofa and sofa bed, massage and small…"
"147" "Flew from Heathrow to koror via Seoul found Asiana airlines very good. Plenty of legroom in both planes excellent and friendly cabin service efficient check in etc. Had pre ordered special meals for 2 in our party...these were checked as soon as we boarded and served promptly.…"
"148" "From checking in to arrival and departure, everything was fast and smooth.  Great flights...asiana has 24 hour check in service so its not a problem arriving earl"
"149" "Asiana have reasonably comfortable planes. The food was as expected. The Korean meals are quite tasty and worth trying. Sadly on the Incheon to Sydney leg of a full flight, two out of three toilets upstairs were out of action. This caused massive queues. Ironically business…"
"150" "We normally use Middle East carriers to travel from the UK to the Philippines, breaking the journey up into comfortable legs. At Christmas, however, the ticket prices treble. Booking ten months ahead, I got a bargain with Asiana at ￡560 each, albeit with long layovers. (The same…"
"151" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"152" "I believe it's very good budget airline. Check in in JFK was fast and good. Lounge clean, with the food, with the chargers for phone, or if you would like to take the shower, please. In airplane the seats in business class can be more comfortable, now in other companies it's…"
"153" "Unfortunately I have to write a bad review. I’m very disappointed with this airline. They wouldn’t let me on the flight because of visa problems. No customer service would help. No one cared. I canceled my flight for a fee to get fully reimbursed (they said) and only got half…"
"154" "We took a flight from Incheon Airport. Previously, we were already shocked that that was no personal inflight entertainment provided by the same airline during the first leg of the trip. I understand if it is a budget flight, but a full carrier like Asiana...and on top of that,…"
"155" "Having travelled on Asiana five times in December & early January (in premium economy), I dare say I have been able to gather some insight into the perks of this airline.  The staff are very friendly and try to make your (long-haul) flight as pleasant as possible. They are…"
"156" "I've flown Asiana airlines many times and they have the best customer service of all.  My flight from Seoul to Paris was upgraded to Business class. That's first time this has happened to me and it was the best feeling I've had in a long time. I left my passport on the plane and…"
"157" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"158" "DO NOT I REPEAT DO NO FLY WITH THEM! THEY SWITICHED OUR SEATS LITERALLY 5 TIMES. We took Asiana Airlines from LAX-ICN- To our final destination in Manila 1/1/19-1/16/19. Flying there was fine.  YOU WILL TAKE A HUGE RISK WITH THIS AIRLINE. Either you will have the very nice A-380…"
"159" "We flew business class to Sydney via Seoul and were highly impressed with this airline, from start to finish. And for a price we could afford compared to other airlines. I cannot fault them and look forward to the return process. "
"160" "After Scandinavian Airlines messed up with my luggage, saying checked-in to final destination, which obviously was totally wrong, I had to make a new check-in in Shanghai. The thing, SAS said i have to do a new check-in in Shanghai, transit, but that was wrong, i had to enter…"
"161" "Tried booking through website and attempted to trace payment and booking confirmation. Kept telling me no, no, no and no. Can't do this, can't do that, it was quite frustrating. Everything was a no!  Call was made on 14 Jan 2019, around 3:30pm. Didn't get the agent's name.  On…"
"162" "Recently took Asiana airlines for the first time between Seoul and Chengdu.  With the exception of the fact they destroyed my luggage, the staff on Asiana from check in to arrival were great. I dont want to give a negative review on luggage damage, since I dont know if it was in…"
"163" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"164" "Flew from HK to Icheon by Asiana Airlines for a day layover and eventually back to Toronto. The check in was smooth and efficient. The staff was well trained, smart and even offered my travelling partner sitting together in both flights. No checkout of luggage necessary and they…"
"165" "Just reviewing the return trip.  But out and back was all the same.  Great Service by both airlines.  DaNang to Inchon on Asiana 747 still 1 great airplane.  Inchon to Dallas on American's 787 in business class.  My God what an exceptional aircraft for long distance travel.  I…"
"166" "Arrived in Sydney this morning on a flight from Paris via Seoul and despite the length of the two combined flights and a 5h layover in Seoul not feeling tired as we usually do when traveling to Australia from Europe. Actually managed a swim instead of a usual long nap which…"
"167" "Took the Incheon to Frankfurt flight last 12 December. Check-in was speedy. Ground staff were pleasant and helpful. Flight attendants were very accommodating, and they serve with a smile. Food and beverages were dished our regularly. Good service."
"168" "Took the Manila-Incheon route last 11 December. Flight was satisfactory and the plane was clean. Flight attendants were accommodating and helpful. Food was also tasty."
"169" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"170" "Flight crew were friendly and professional but I was quite surprised by the food.  I ordered all the Korean options and they were rather mediocre -- but the Western food being delivered to others looked very good (terrible food envy on my part).    I also found the lounge in…"
"171" "Seats comfortable enough. Inflight entertainment with limited selection. Average food. Flight attendant just got my son’s untouched meal while he was sleeping without asking if he was going to consume it. No hitches purchasing tickets through their mobile app; smooth check-in.…"
"172" "No service in English.All services are in Korean, you do not know if they are serving coffee or tea unless you speak Korean. I was even, as a blond Scandinavian, given a passenger card in Korean, and when I asked for a card in English, the request was received by a frown. Asiana…"
"173" "First time in A380, super cozy seat that you can lay down straight. But I got a bug bite at my ankle. Service was only in average. Since this big monster can hold eight hundred something customers and has only two entrance, upper and lower deck, It took too long for all guests…"
"174" "Problems dropping connecting Asiana segment in United Itinerary making baggage check in painful and then dropped and canceled segment enroute and told to stand by . . and that is for a STAR GOLD!  You also have to schlep to a transfer desk upstairs and off beaten path to get…"
"175" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"176" "Out of 10 long distance international flights in the past 5 years, this airline is at the top of the list.  Excellent food, amazing stewardesses, on time flights.   After 13 hours in the air stewardesses were still smiling, helpful like they were at the beginning of the flight! …"
"177" "This Airline needs some revamp on its interior. seat fabric are itchy. food is average, leg room is great, flight attendant were so so..."
"178" "We took an overnight flight from Singapore to Seoul. I felt the cabin temp was dry and hot. For those who are traveling during winter time, please make sure u don't wear your winter clothes up to the trip. Food was ok and meet expectation. The crews were very helpful with…"
"179" "I flew to Vietnam and back from SF either Asiana and had both great flights. The seats were comfy and the blanket and pillow provided kept me comfortable to sleep on the plane. Their entertainment system in front of you was also great. The best thing for me though was this one…"
"180" "The whole experience was average per say. The air stewardess were friendly nonetheless. The only downside were the in-flight entertainment and meals, as I am very less inclined to consume beef. Almost all the meals contain beef, which is nothing new as it is a korean airline.…"
"181" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"182" "I would rank Asiana similar to a lower rating American Airline company with customer service.  Maybe a bad experience but both times checking in the attendant was very rude and upset I gave her our family of 4 passports saying “ give individuallyed ” over and over again. This…"
"183" "Asiana Airlines is a relatively unknown to travelers.  The airline offers outstanding value for its product and service, especially flying out of LAX (wonderful Star Alliance lounge) to Incheon, Seoul (outstanding Asiana lounge) and beyond. The Smartium seats are modern and…"
"184" "I have  taken ten long-distance business class flights in the last five years for leisure.  Asiana easily tops the list.  Even after a 13 hour flight the stewardesses were happy, smiling and helpful. Food was excellent, seats were comfortable.  Business lounge had very…"
"185" "Unbelievable service and comfort!  Food was excellent, with wine and spirit selections. Great seat comfort on long segments of travel."
"186" "OK airline. Had nice service and was actually surprised they had a food item considering the flight was so short."
"187" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"188" "OZ 174 on 26th Dec 2018.  This flight is great! The crews are friendly and helpful. Very willing to serve. From the time we boarded, voluntarily helping to hang up our jackets, passing us the immigration forms and pens etc. until webdissembark they are still with smiles.   The…"
"189" "The staff was not helpful . They were rushing . No flight entertainment EVEN A BUDGET AIRLINES WOULD HAVE A SMALL SCREEN AT LEAST!!!! The flight was so dirty. I feel so unsafe I cannot believe I have to fly back to Singapore on the 2nd jan with the same flight. Shame on you to…"
"190" "First time I have taken Asiana.  Selected it due to very good price.  Seats have nice leg room.   Service was good.  they had enough staff to care for fully packed planes on all routes."
"191" "I took Asiana for the first time. It was not bad, but it could be better   1. Cabin: Clean enough. Crews constantly check out to collect trashes. The bathroom area was kept clean, too  2. Entertainment: Not best. A little selections for English and world movies. Long flight…"
"192" "Not much to be said. We arrived at the terminal, waited, left on time and arrived soon after. Meals provided for an additional cost which was quite nice but rushed."
"193" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"194" "OZ 704 on 22nd Dec 2018  Terrible delay started even at the check in counter. The efficiency of issuing boarding passes seriously need to improve. We waited almost 30 minutes even when we were in the shorter queue for biz class.  Next is the 1.5 hours delay. No reason,…"
"195" "Good food, a variety of drinks, and comfortable seats make Asiana’s business class worth the effort for the weary traveler. The hassle of airport routines just disappear once you get to your seat, where you can rest assured that you’ll be taken hood care of. "
"196" "In terms of service Asiana Airline is as good as other Asian airline, such as, Singapore, Eva or Cathey Pacific and much better than United Airline. In terms of hardware, Asiana Airline is not as good, the seat was hard and not very comfortable, not down comforter, the pillow…"
"197" "As a Diamond member, I was able to bring extra baggage, checking in was seamless and was able to board early regardless that I was flying economy.  The food was good and the service was excellent.  The Lounge in Korea was a wonderful experience.  I flew the new airbus a350 that…"
"198" "First time flying via Asiana, airfare is not cheap due to holiday season despite I booked the tickets as early as July. Per pax still costs S$955.  Seats are comfortable and it’s 2-4-2 seating.  Meals wise, it’s no good, Chef got to work harder to improve in-flight meals. …"
"199" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"200" "Asiana was the most reliable airline we traveled with while in Asia. We even canceled our Thai Lion flight in order to fly with Asiana instead. They provide excellent service from start to finish. We will fly with them again for sure."
"201" "Better Asia international flights from the USA compared to others. The services are friendly and enjoyable for the whole time. The food are good. The air plane A385 is big and comfortable. Recommended and will do it again in the future..."
"202" "It was a great return service from Sydney to Korea for 10&half hours. It was long journey but when I travel to home, I always using Asians Airline. One of big reasons is meal “Bibimbab”. They include English version how to eat with picture so non Korean speaker can have their…"
"203" "Something wrong with their reservation system. When I checked-in online, I found that only 1 of our 4 vegetarian meals were registered in the system.  If I had selected meals for one family member, I would have done so for all.  On the day of the flight, I called the…"
"204" "I have flown Asiana. Many times since 2012.The flight crew are always curious,polite and really do care abut  the passengers comfort. The airline is well run with  great lounges if you travel frequently like me which is important and check In iis quick and easy When you fly out…"
"205" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"206" "I had to make changes to my flight. I called US office. The US office was closed and I was redirected to Korean office. I spoke to someone who could hardly speak English, and asked to cancel my outbound flight but keep the return. I was told that I will get the refund for the…"
"207" "Flying Asiana has always been a wonderful experience for our family. We always get friendly service, great amenities and good food that's why our long flights become bearable. They also pay special attention to the small details like providing towels for freshening up. Asiana is…"
"208" "Simply the worst airline experience I have ever had. The airline was delayed by 8 hours flying out of Singapore and failed to leave on time out of Korea (meaning I failed to make connections in Japan and I had to be shifted to Korean Air and Virgin flights home). My colleague…"
"209" "Flight crew very knowledgeable and respectful, great video entertainment nice lay over in seol south Korea"
"210" "I flew business class on Asiana’s A380 from Tokyo Narita to Seoul Incheon Airport. Business class was lie flat seats in 1-2-1 configuration. Service was warm and friendly and food served was of a very good quality. As it was a short flight, I did not get a chance to enjoy the…"
"211" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"212" "In reality the flight is very ordinary just like any other airlines traveling in Southeast Asia. But one thing does stands out for me everytime I fly Asiana, the flight attendance customer service is constantly very good and always with a smile. I am an Asiana frequent flyer and…"
"213" "The first impression is how the flight attendants, almost all women, reminded me of US Airlines \"stewardess\" from 30 to 50 years ago. They were all immaculately coiffed and the majority had their hair pulled back into a severe bun, the rest wore their hair ear length. Their…"
"214" "Great flight, great crew, on time, relatively new aircraft with true lay flat seats.  Meals well beyond typical airplane food. Cabin crew was attentive, courteous, very professional.  Number of crew seemed larger than usually found on these kinds of flights.  This was a long…"
"215" "Ever since I experienced Asiana for a trip to Seoul many years back, I decided to travel with them as much as I could when I need to fly to Korea.  It's for no other thing than their chilli paste that they give as part of their in-flight meals (of course you gotta pick the…"
"216" "Traveled both Economy and Business class on Asiana. Hands down by far the best service your money will buy."
"217" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"218" "My first time with A380. Pretty comfort seat , but window seat is few inches away from window so i couldn't lean my head to airplane wall properly for sleeping.  Overall was good , clean interior , good movies on board and good food."
"219" "Passengers are offered a choice of Korean or western meals.   Choices are limited, however.  The negative I have to offer is that the airlines lost our luggage for 5 days."
"220" "Cheap tickets, nice onboard experience, ontime. When our return journey flight got rescheduled, causing a layover of more than 24 hours, the airlines provided us with foods, transportation and accomodation in a 4* hotel in Seoul city."
"221" "service is the 1st thing on my list. 5 Star always cabin comfort Excellent  inflight amenities Deluxe electronic entertainment also 5 Star selection  nice selection of meals"
"222" "I flew from Chicago to Tokyo via Seoul.  The flight goes from ORD at midnight and arrives at Incheon at 4am the next day.  The flight left on time and got in early which is quite rare for a westbound flight.  The carrier gives out a toothbrush and toothpaste to every economy…"
"223" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"224" "Asian airlines is the best airline to fly for such a long distance. Food is amazing with complementary drinks of best brands wen I asked one more she was keep asking me and I took 3. Really very nice Crue and full of comfortable. I wold like to fly with this airline."
"225" "I have a pleasant flight with Asiana, the foods are amazing. The flight attendant looks beautiful and handsome. Argggh maybe because I am Kpop and Kdrama fans?"
"226" "Best way to travel such a long distance - flatbeds very comfortable and I would recommend this airline without hesitation nothing was too much trouble for the air hostesses, we were welcomed on board by head steward and every attention was paid to our comfort.  Only downside was…"
"227" "I've ridden with Asiana many times, because it's often the cheapest option for my route. The staff is friendly and the flights are uneventful, which is pretty much all I ask for.  I wouldn't mind a little more leg room, but it's certainly no more cramped than a lot of other…"
"228" "Very pleasant flight with excellent in-flight service and on-time! A380 with good space between seats and options to recharge equipment."
"229" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"230" "A great experience flying ASIANA Airlines. Their service was great, food was excellent and the aircraft I flew in from San Francisco to Seoul was a brand new Airbus A350. My choice of meal was the Bibimbap, the traditional Korean meal. It was a delight having the meal, not at…"
"231" "Asiana’s Business Class is a long way away from its rivals. Flat beds it has but it lacks in level of service. In fact, service is really below par. Entertainment is painful as there is hardly anything to keep one occupied. Take lots of your own entertainment. You’ll need it.…"
"232" "This is one of the most amazing airlines that I've flown.   Their service is awesome. The double decker A380 is the biggest plane I have flown and it's so quiet.  We connected from MIA to LAX, change carrier to Asiana in Los Angeles and flew from LAX to Seoul; connected one more…"
"233" "Took Asians to Seoul on business.   All seats are aisle seats which is great...except some face windows and other the aisle. Very clunky sitting area and cluttered.   They did not have my requested vegetarian meal. I asked them to just give me some bread and butter and anything…"
"234" "Friendly staff and nice service....AB380 to Seoul and AB350 coming back. 350 was better. Short list of In flight movies. Wine selection could be improved."
"235" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"236" "Asiana flights were on time and the flight attendants were pleasant and helpful.  Business class is definitely an option you want to consider on these long flights.  The aircraft was clean and seating was comfortable.  Restrooms were clean and easily accessed."
"237" "While living for 8 years in Korea, I used Asiana a few times, amoung others, to traval through Asia.  Asiana was one of the best I used.  Their service and extra attention to little details gave a travel experience a feeling of speciality.  If you have a chance to experience…"
"238" "I've flown business in the 777, 747 and the A380-800 with a few airlines. Asiana Airlines business class in the A380 is in a class of it's own. Nothing comes close.  I can only swing it with sufficient credit card miles but this the flight I will spend it on, any more. There is…"
"239" "Since Asiana has changed it onboard food prep company from the German Lufthansa Kitchen in Seoul to another local Korean producer, the quality has been dismal. The food is on quality as the mid-tier Chinese airlines. Some of the things are not edible. I had a meat dish and the…"
"240" "Flight was comfortable, on time and the flight attendants were great.  The flight were great going to and from my destination. The food entertainment could be better though"
"241" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"242" "Lovely service from all the flight attendants.  Lie flat seats were very comfortable and the food good.  The spicy ramen snack was a stand-out!  I would definitely fly with them again."
"243" "Always fantastic in-flight services. Most beautiful flight attendants  more room between seats - economy  just over all, pleasant to fly with Asiana Airline."
"244" "great comfortable seat, attentive service. Excellent amenities in business! Overall a great experience on this carrier.  I flew chicago to incheon and it was awesome."
"245" "I am very pleased with the experience of traveling with 2 small kids with Asiana Airlines. If ur kid is below 30 lbs and 30 inch, request an inflight bassinet. Even if your kid is over those limits and under 2 yr old at least you will get those front seats with ample leg room. I…"
"246" "After a 3 hour wait we arived in soul to have missed out connecting flight . A bit upset But quickly changed when we were Put up In a howard Johnsons hotel . and feed dinner and a fantistic Brekfest then transported to the airpore to be connected to my new return fiight and…"
"247" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"248" "wonderful airlines...on time, wonderful services, clean and legroom much improved during the years.....thank you !"
"249" "We flew from Seattle to Seoul, Seoul to Phnom Phen and then Ho Chi Min City to Seoul and Seoul to Seattle.  Each flight was fine and fairly comfortable in our economy seats.  The food on board was pretty good.    We were a little worried about the short time for our connecting…"
"250" "I chose this airline only because it was the cheapest at that time compared to my preferred airline.  I can't appreciate how roomy the seat was for an economy class, and I was already impressed by Emirates, but Asiana was better.  Food on the other hand, bland as an unsalted…"
"251" "Good experience,  the staff are so nice, the Flight Manager was great.I left my laptop, when travelling from Delhi to Seoul, got the same at their office, when travelling back to India. The people are very good."
"252" "days before our flight home my wife injured her ankle. The doctor gave her a note that described the injury and deemed her safe to fly. We took his professional opinion and sturdy foot brace. In fact it would have been better not to fly but one does not realise all the logistics…"
"253" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"254" "There wasn’t many passengers for this flight, so a nice touch getting three seats to myself. For a 11.5 hour flight, I managed three hours sleep plus watched four movies. Food was decent. A few extra snacks helped pass the time. "
"255" "Alright when I say that \"someone died\" I mean someone actually died. And it was awful to see and it must have been horrible to be in that situation. Luckily we were all still on the tarmac when it happened, but then we got held up there for 2 hours. I tried to ask what had…"
"256" "Used this airlines many years ago and my recent flights indicate why it is still the best airline out there. I had to take a Mileage Plus return flight where they route you to Seoul first before flying to Hawaii. Originally the layover was 1.5 hours but the flight had to be…"
"257" "I've been flying on Asiana for over 10 years about 1-2 times a year. What in the world is going on??? You cannot call them, their web site is changed and is just crazy, I am locked out of my mileage program account and, no kidding, over 30 min waiting, when they'd allow me to…"
"258" "Flew business class via Seoul and we had top shelf treatment.  Hardware was A330 and not the most comfortable aircraft, but Asiana outfitted the planes well and attendants kept everything clean.  Western food offerings were arguably the best in the air as far as taste and…"
"259" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"260" "We flew from LAX to INC in business class. It was a long 12 hour flight on the A380. The seats were very comfortable with a flat bed. The flight attendants were very attentive. Service and food were excellent. Will fly them again. The 1-2-1 configuration means that everyone has…"
"261" "Overall experience was good. though the Flight was not modern or new age. Had good time in the flight . Had 2+4+2 Configuration seats with considerable Good Leg room & reclining was better than other Asian airlines. Opted for Indian Vegetarian meal (AVML), Food was the best…"
"262" "Flew from Korea to Cebu and was a very good experience Seats were extremely comfortable and staff were helpful was toothpaste and brushes in bathroom which was a nice extra would fly with them again as was a very good experience and nice flight"
"263" "I always travel on Asiana because it is the most convenient for me since they fly directly to CRK from INC (10 minutes from home) and I don't have to fly to MNL as I would on all other airlines flying out of INC (Three to much longer time to get home by taxi or bus... depending…"
"264" "From the Lounge to the fast track passport check invitation, Asiana runs Business Class the way others attempt (often unsuccessfully) to run First Class.  Food and beverage selection and quality are outstanding, airline staff superb and the seats are fabulous. If you ever doubt…"
"265" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"266" "The Asiana flight from San Francisco to Seoul was comfortable. The food was ok and the service pleasant."
"267" "I chose Asiana for two reasons: I wanted to experience the new Airbus 350 and check for myself the reputation of the company. The aircraft was somewhat disappointing; as the European competitor of the Boing 787, the 350 is noisier and has smaller windows. Other features may…"
"268" "Staffs very friendly, professionally. My flights is better when I choose their service. I think I will choose them for next time"
"269" "There was nothing wrong with the flights - amenities included little slippers for the flight.  I felt un-involved.  I was surrounded by Koreans who did not seem to want to interact or acknowledge that I was aboard.  They were interacting alot with each other, like you expect. …"
"270" "Buckle up at Asiana, it feels like fasting seat belts in an actual car, which makes it actually more comfortable because you're sitting more right during landing and departure. Their business class seats are extremely comfortable, clean and tidy, service and food, entertainment…"
"271" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"272" "Good flight with on time boarding. Seats were comfortable. The meal served was actually pretty good and hearty for a 2 hour flight."
"273" "As korean airlines we can’t expect more... but from Gimpo airport to jeju is domestic airport, you better understand korea as no one can speak English..."
"274" "I flew Asiana Airlines from Bangkok to Los Angeles. The boarding process is not done in a timely manner, and is completely disorganized, so essentially everyone is just racing one another to get to the flight door to board (oh, goody!). I had a connection in Seoul, and both…"
"275" "Great flight, friendly crew, great food . Seats and controls were pretty old and the screen was an old timer too with multiple taps needed in the remote control to click on an icon of your choice. Seat are comfortable, but could be good if they can put their new machines in…"
"276" "Flew Asiana on November 26th from Seoul Incheon to Seattle Washington. Flight was excellent, service outstanding and flight attendants providing the best of service.Plenty of water and juice and the food was warm and the best they can do with aircraft food. Was fine.  Got into…"
"277" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"278" "Short hop flight was smooth enough and unlike the experience I had on the same route last year, the staff were reasonably attentive.   What costs Asiana marks here is their poor excuse for a business class lounge. It was jammed to the point that once I finally found a seat I was…"
"279" "Having had a mediocre experience on Asiana’s business class last year, I was reluctant to try them again, but figured that the opportunity to fly First Class for the same number of points as business class would be worth giving it a go. The experience was generally good.   The…"
"280" "My trip included flights from MLA to LAX to LAS to CUN.. i used 3 different airlines, Asiana is the main one from MLA to LAX to MLA. With Interjet (LAX-CUN-LAX), i experienced nothing but trouble. Asiana has truly set themselves apart. On my return to MLA. I was surprised that I…"
"281" "This flight was about 10 hrs, the legroom, entertainment and service was very good, the meals and drinks were sufficient (two meals served), toothpaste and toothbrush were provided, the washroom was cleaned throughout the flight, blanket, pillow, eye mask and earplugs were…"
"282" "I am sitting in the airport in Seoul Korea completing this evaluation since I have a 9 hour layover with Asiana at this Airport. Continuing on to Seattle. This is my opinion on this. Again disappointed. Flight was packed which is good for them. But The most disgusting passengers…"
"283" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"284" "What a great airline.  Seats are configured in a 1-2-1 for business class, which can give a semi-private feel.  Flight attendants are very efficient.  Food selections are either western or Asian and are very good with a great selection of wines.  They become part of having a…"
"285" "This was a short flight but so nice.  Just as soon as we leveled off, I was served a healthy fruit and vegetable plate and it was delicious.  The flight attendants were so pleasant and friendly.  This was the most enjoyable of my three flights."
"286" "2 meals and a snack, constant water and juice being served.  Just outstanding service and right on time,  Arrived Korea early and connections where right on time.  Have used this airlines in the past and will use again in the future.  This airlines offers the best prices I could…"
"287" "I have been a loyal customer of Asiana for years and they had a promotion where they give vouchers to the Sky Lounge at Incheon Airport.We have a 15-hr lay over so that was excited to get that voucher. Asiana sent me an email, however, they did not send an email to my husband.…"
"288" "Flew from Tokyo to Seoul. Service was great and decent food and service. Not quite at the level of JAL but I would recommend when convenient. "
"289" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"290" "Me and my sister used Asiana Airlines, a star alliance member last October 2018 from Jakarta <U+2013> Incheon (OZ762 & OZ761) A 330-300. Seat configuration 2-4-2, and our seat 35K with an ample leg room, we had basic comfort blanket and pillow. Our flight was 11.45 PM, we had a…"
"291" "We took Asiana for our family trip to Seoul and back to Manila.  During the Manila-Incheon leg, I was given mushroom congee and since it was early morning, I guess that was sufficient to tide me over to the real breakfast.  On the Incheon-Manila leg, I was given the Sambap - a…"
"292" "Started my second part of my trip to Sydney and we changed aircraft at seoul to the A380 and the flight in Business was half empty but the service and crew were amazing nothing was too much and the seats and flat beds very comfortable.served 4 courses on board. Again shame about…"
"293" "First time I've used Asiana Airline and i was very impressed from check-in to arrival at South Korea The crew and service was very good and food was good my only grip would be that the entertainment on the flight was pretty poor not a lot of choice not like other airlines that…"
"294" "Flew with Asiana to Incheon, and from Gimpo to Jeju. During my flight to Incheon, the inflight entertainment had some issues which prompted an entire shutdown to reboot for 20 mins in the middle of a red eye flight. Food choice was limited and didn’t taste very good. Inflight…"
"295" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"296" "Asiana takes extra care of special need passengers and I appreciated their efforts to make your flight comfortable."
"297" "I was excited to take Asiana because I had used it many years ago and thought they were very classy even when traveling economy. This time around was a little disappointed. Yes the seats are roomy when you take the Boeing 777. But when you switch over to an Airbus if you have an…"
"298" "We were a family of 3 on a family holiday and decided to take 2 suitcases, we had a total allowance of 69kg between us. When we checked in at Seoul one of our cases weighed 21 kg and the other one was 25 kg total 46 kg. However with this Airline the maximum case weight must not…"
"299" "Check in was quick and headed to the Swissair lounge. Fairly unimpressive but a lounge none the less. The lounge in Incheon was large and had a good selection of food and drinks. The 777 from JFK to ICN had fully flat seats and good space. Foot space in the bed position was a…"
"300" "Asiana have had issues with catering that they say are now over. They're not.  Rather than a choice between different western meals as has always been the case, now you get chicken. The flight lasts 12 hours and arrives about 1900 London time, and you get fed scrambled egg as…"
"301" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"302" "This was our first time flying with Asiana and we wasn't dissapointed. We chose to pay a little extra for Smartium Economy seats and they were definitely worth it, we had lots of leg room to stretch out, the seats reclined and slid forward so were comfortable. Being given…"
"303" "Flight was on time, staff was courteous and friendly.   Plenty of leg room in the economy section.  Meals were good!"
"304" "The flight was late and not cleaned for the trip. I found garbage in the seat pocket and the walls and tray table were flirty. A complete lack of a boarding process with uncaring attitude by the gate agents. The flight crew was uninterested in customer service and the plane…"
"305" "The legroom was excellent and I am a taller than average person and the seats are very comfortable. The inflight entertainment was sufficient as well as the meals. The boarding process was hectic but the flight crew was pleasant. A nice trip."
"306" "Pleasant experience and excellent service.   Comfortable flight.  Great food. Try the Korean cuisine.  Attendants were wonderful and personable. I was impressed how they helped a young mother, who had an infant aboard.   The hours \"flew\" by!"
"307" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"308" "Based on price, this is a good airline to go with. The service was good, the crew were nice, and it was nearly on time. With the lower price don't expect the comfort, entertainment equipment or selection, nor quality of food as you'd get on a Delta or similar."
"309" "I had to participate in a conference at Sendai, so I decided to go to Japan with Asiana film. I entirely feel satisfied with their regularity. All the procedures exactly occurred on time by minutes. The ticket already included a snack. My previous snack contained 1 boiled…"
"310" "I flew Asiana from Tokyo to Seoul and chose them because they are Star Alliance partner airline along with Air NZ.  They looked after us well."
"311" "Had not heard of Asiana before but reports were encouraging. The flight was an excellent experience due to the attention received from the staff. Their attention to detail was extremely good. There were plenty of them and there all the time IF you needed them. We were well…"
"312" "The staff were all very friendly and accommodating, speaking good English. The food was good and drinks were offered regularly. The seat was a little uncomfortable but not too bad. Both flights I had with them were on time."
"313" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"314" "Airbus 350 was quiet and comfortable. Business Smartium was quite spacious on this aircraft. The cabin temperature was ok for sleeping; the amenities pack included eye shades, ear plugs. Crew were attentive, food was excellent with a good variety of options for main meal. IFE…"
"315" "The economy class seating was a little uncomfortable but they gave us earplugs and eye masks. Didn’t get those on the return flight for some reason. The staff was very friendly and warm. I would love to fly with them again!"
"316" "No complaints here. Kind and attentive service, adequate food, including some interesting Korean cuisine and smooth travel in this enormous plane. The movie selection was a little weak, but that's the only negative aspect of the journey."
"317" "We used Asiana from Manila to Inchon to LAX and back again. We got the same great service as before and would use them again. I just wish I could find out if I was able to combine my family's miles into just 1 account.  Leg space was good, but as with other airlines, main dish…"
"318" "Clean, modern plane.  Super friendly staff.  Decent entertainment package.  Food could certainly have been better.  On time flights, outbound and return.  It was fine and I have no complaints, but next time I’d try Korean Air to see what it was like."
"319" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"320" "Took an Asiana airline our family’s Rome trip. The cabin captain was aware of senior passengers and frequently checked how my mother was doing. Very considerate and kind. "
"321" "My first trip to Asia included a 14 hour non-stop from Chicago to Seoul on Asiana. My wife preceded me on the trip and recommended purchasing premium seating on the bulkhead because of my height. (6'2\") as even at 5'5\" she felt cramped. Well worth the $100 fee. Service was…"
"322" "I really enjoyed this flight. The leg room in economy felt more than in Europen Airlines. The food was ok and the service was very friendly. They could add a few more choices to the entertainment program."
"323" "Friendly crew members. Although the food just so-so and limited movie choices, enough for a 3.5hr flight attentive crew with ok airport lounge (shared with star alliances in hk) Could check in at airport bus terminus then use fast lane for immi checking. Great service. Although…"
"324" "This was our first trip on Asiana to seoul and the service was great.  The flight attendants were attentive, courteous and friendly.  Good was better going then coming home but thrlere was good quantity.  As for the lounge, the seoul location had shower facilities, good…"
"325" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"326" "I fly internationally on several different airlines but I really enjoyed Asiana airlines.  The lounge at JFK was with Swiss Air Star Alliance so it was small with a few snacks and drinks.  However at Incheon the lounge was great, excellent selection of food and drinks, showers…"
"327" " We flew from London to osaka with Asiana. The flight was on time. There was not much leg space.  The staff were very friendly and helpful, food was good. Drinks were only offered with the meals and my wine poured from a bottle. No refill was offered.  It all felt a bit basic. "
"328" "Friendly staff, amazing in-flight food, and they actually provided do-it-yourself lettuce ssamjang wraps! Yum!"
"329" "Thank you Asiana Airlines for everything. I live in Korea for 9 years. Everytime best conditions good service. And so respectful cabin staffs. Thank you"
"330" "It was my 2nd time to ride this airline and the flight went well. I rode in this airline en route to Seattle from Incheon years ago. The entire flight during that time and the recent flight this month were all excellent flights. I am not sure if I made a review about this…"
"331" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"332" "Got a good deal, got even better service. The tickets we got from them were not the cheapest that we can find but it was certainly reasonable. I regularly fly with Asiana and have had the chance to fly to the US from Manila three times already. I also had the chance to fly to…"
"333" "I fly regularly with Asiana. They are nice and service is efficient but certain factors of service like in flight meal quality has been on the decline in recent years. Nonetheless their A380 is very comfy even in coach."
"334" "When flying to Japan from other countries, direct flights can be expensive, even if you do a lay over. My suggestion is to fly direct to Seoul. And then buy a ticket to Japan. It will turn out to be a lot cheaper, and more fun. It gives you the time to experience the best of…"
"335" "Used to be excellent serviced airline but  Run down somehow from the owner scandal I guess. However, they still providing decent food, Proper space for economy class compare To other airline. On the way back home, they gave express Card that we could get through all long lines…"
"336" "I rode Asiana from Lax to Manila and back to Lax again.   I thought at first the airconditioning was just starting to get fired up thats why it was still warm inside.  But after an hour or so, the temperature havent changed.  I think the aircondtionting was only place at the…"
"337" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"338" "Evening Flight from Tokyo to Seoul. Bigger 777-200, Full Flight, lots of food served, ran on time, even got us there earlier by 20mins. Star Alliance with Air New Zealand on a flight from Christchurch, Auckland, Tokyo, finally Seoul."
"339" "The seat was very comfortable. I was very tired and surely had a good nap during the flight. The crew members were also very friendly. I will use this company again in the future."
"340" "When I found out this airline was five star it wasn’t hard to see why.  I couldn’t fault it in any area.  Excellent food, service and punctuality."
"341" "Seating was very comfortable and recline was nice enabling decent sleep on the long flight.   Service was adequate but since it was an overnight flight, admittedly a lot of the time was sleeping.   Food was OK but not really anything exceptional.   All in all a decent flight.  …"
"342" "(Actual travel date - Aug. 2016)  I can say that the aircraft, entertainment system, inflight meal, cabin crews are above the average. However they don't know how to treat passengers when they are facing problem with aircraft. Overall, I won't suggest this airline unless if you…"
"343" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"344" "It was the first time flying with Asiana and usually flew with SQ or QF. Overall, I have to point out how great their service was and especially the cabin crews are super polite and helpful. I was very impressed with Japan Airline's service last year but it was nothing compared…"
"345" "I love flying with Korean people. Even though it took 5 hours longer to fly Istanbul we loved to fly with one of Korean based airlines and we loved it again."
"346" "Very professional and very comfortable.  Of course business class should be but Asiana hires the best for this long trip.  The food was incredible and the flight attendants were wonderful.  I couldn't have asked for anything more!"
"347" "Complete experience was fantastic. There were 3 times more flight attendants compared to an American or European airline. The flight attendants were incredibly focused on service and were constantly running back and forth doing their job. Very well groomed and pleasant. Food was…"
"348" "It's a long flight; 6hrs from Phnom Penh to Seoul, then a long layover about 12hrs at Seoul, and 8hrs flight to Honolulu. The long layover hours, we took a free city tour, the shopping tour at Namdemun and Isadong tour, which was a pleasant way to kill time. In the airplane, the…"
"349" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"350" "tried to reschedule the trip with them directly, this agent name Roger, worst attitude ever, not helpful, very arrogant.   would not fly with Asiana in the future for sure."
"351" "I flew one way on Asiana, and the return route on EVA. Between the two, Asiana was was much better in terms of both food and comfort. The meals were great, especially for airline food. I ate everything they served. The seats had foot rests and movie screens for each passenger. I…"
"352" "The food was very good. And the portions were ample. The flight attendants were very attentive and ultra-polite.  There were a number of shortfalls, though. The cabin was much too warm to sleep comfortably. The lay flat seats had very little padding. Bring your own pillow.…"
"353" "The flight was ok, although not that comfortable. But what can you expect from a 10HR flight. Flight attendants gave the kind of service and attention I have come to expect from Asiana.  The chicken dinner was ok but the breakfast omellete and Franks were a bit bland."
"354" "The flight was OK. Flight attendants were kind and attentive. I really don't like it when you have to join the movies in progress.  We did not particularly like the good selection but that is not to say it tasted bad.   Flight was on schedule."
"355" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"356" "A330 business class with 2-2-2 configuration and the window seat has no direct exit. The cabin crew are friendly and efficient. Actually if you want a better food choice, western style is quite good."
"357" "Asiana is so accommodating. My unclaimed  luggage was returned using the best possible way for us to pick it up from the nearest airport.    Love their food as well.  Kudos to Mr. Choi of Asiana Chicago O Hare for seeing to it that my luggage gets into the nearest pick up…"
"358" "I Flew with Asiana 2 times to Seoul, services are good, legroom quite spacious and food is nice. no issue"
"359" "The plane was spacious and the stewards were excellent. The inflight meals were also pretty good. Entertainment was pretty good as well with many movie selections to choose from."
"360" "The flight was delayed and I guess everyone was tired including the staff.  After we boarded, the departure was delayed again for another 30 min or so.  When a lady went to use the bathroom, the flight attendant did not say anything. But after the lady returned to the seat and I…"
"361" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"362" "I flew with them in June from Seoul to London, then back form London to Seoul.  Compared to my short distance fight from Haneda to Seoul and Seoul to Haneda, it was so much better.   The seat was comfortable and clean, the service was attentive and it was quiet.  I will fly with…"
"363" "We've traveled to visit relatives in NYC many times over the years, but have never used Asiana Airlines before, but a friend recommended we try them and we did!  Glad we did since it was one of our most comfortable long haul flights ever.  The seats were comfortable and seem…"
"364" "Everything to do with Asiana was absolutely fine.  From the price, the automatic check in, to the very helpful ground staff who fast tracked us through Haneda airport when we got lost on the way in, to the food, to the legroom. All fine.  If I had to suggest a small improvement,…"
"365" "Quiet and roomy Airbus A380 with excellent entertainment system.  Crew members are super nice and friendly!  Food is excellent for airplane standard :)  I fly often internationally and Asian is the best!!!"
"366" "Everything starts at the airport, an hour late and waiting without explanation Then come the meal time, great moment of loneliness when I learn that there is not enough meal for all passengers They given me snacks to wait. 20 minutes later I see a hostess with real meal trays…"
"367" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"368" "Travelling to Vietnam we went via S Korea with Asiana. Comfortable seats, very helpful flight attendants, great entertainment system. Also impressed with S Korea airport, free showers and sleeping area for people on transfers."
"369" "Crew are excellent since upfront seat are arranged by staff cannot be done once assigned;  hence, food are not preordered. First leg of long haul flight with bibimbab as well as Calbi provided for midnite Dinner & need to ask fir caviar which comes with western service:…"
"370" "First, I have to admit that I am a fan of Asiana airlines. I've been living and working in Asia for 25 years and have used several airlines but Asiana has always out performed them all.  The aircraft on this particular trip was modern and clean.  The staff, from the check in…"
"371" "What I liked about the flight 1. At 1.86m tall, economy seats are always tight for me. Surprisingly and the best part for me was that the seats was somewhat spacious (see picture)   2. The food on the return leg was excellent.  3. Service was always friendly and with a smile …"
"372" "Wheelchair was provided for my wife but Asiana airline staff did not provide her a sticker for handicap passenger at the NAIA Manila terminal. This caused my wife not to be provided with a handicap transportation at Incheon international airport resulting in my wife's running to…"
"373" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"374" "The crew members were polite but difficult to understand in English.  The food was good Korean chow and western fare was available too.  Drinks were reasonable in price, wine was free  The trip required a change of flights at Incheon with a mandatory security screening by the…"
"375" "Taking asiana is always a pleasure. The seats are quite comfortable and meal is always good, especially the korean bibimbap! "
"376" "On the first leg of our flight (BKK-ICN) we were on a new double-decker plane and the seats were remarkably uncomfortable owing to headrests that stuck out too far and kept your neck at  an unnatural angle.   For the flight back from Seattle to Bangkok I had  to buy a neck…"
"377" "This was our first experience of Asiana Airlines.  We were very impressed.  The flights from Heathrow to Incheon and on to Sydney were on time.  The cabin service was excellent, as were the meals.  The planes were comfortable .  Both flights were overnight so we did not use the…"
"378" "I flew A380 plane - the big one from Bangkok-Incheon-Bangkok. Flight quality was superb. The entertainment (Movie & Etc) during flight time not much variety like another airline but it's ok.  Food on the way to Incheon was ok but on the way back to Bangkok was superb. The…"
"379" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"380" "we are a regular asiana airline traveler and they (airlines) so far  has not failed our expectations. From ticketing to boarding and in flight service was great.  food was just ok but that is expected on an economy flight."
"381" "The Service was excellent. The seat was wide with lots of leg room. Toilet was clean, with adequate amenities. Food was tasty and of good portion. Definitely a 5-star service airline."
"382" "It was our first time to fly Asiana Airlines and to be honest, I was positively surprised. Economy seat legroom is better, service is great and staff are very nice and polite."
"383" "Our flight consisted of two legs: NYC to Seoul, South Korea...and then South Korea to Sydney, Australia. From beginning to end, our experience with Asiana Airlines was excellent. The plane itself was super clean, nicely decorated, roomy and efficiently set up. We had an…"
"384" "I like the set up of the Asiana Business Class, 1-2-1, it provides more personal room. I find the food on this trip excellent and the wine selection is outstanding."
"385" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"386" "Flew economy from Seoul to Phuket. The service was great, the flight attendants are fluent in English and always ready to help. The food was good and they came around often to see if you want anything."
"387" "We flew out to Japan business class as the flight was through the night. We returned economy class as we were flying with our family who were also economy, and we were flying through the daylight. In each case the journey was very comfortable, the seats in economy class having a…"
"388" "A super interesting feature of Asiana's business class is the lounge they have. The lounge has two small couches and a bit of space for a baby to crawl/walk/cruise around. This was invaluable to 'change it up' on the baby over the super long flight. Flight attendants were also…"
"389" "This was my 1st international flight and I have to say it was great! The service was top notch! Food was delicious (I recommend the Korean food) and the economy class seats were comfy and I feel like they are bigger than flying with Delta in the economy plus seats. Again I have…"
"390" "Flew economy class from Seoul to Chicago.  Though I was in economy class, the service and food were good.  Flight attendants were attentive and their level of English was good.  The only recommendation is that they serve a limited selection of drinks as they seem to only serve…"
"391" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"392" "It was my first time to travel via Aseana Airlines. It was a sponsored trip by a family member because the rate was very low. I thought services was poor but to my amazement, their aircraft is modernized. You can charge your mobile while in the sky. Not every airline has it.…"
"393" "This was my first time to use Asiana. I went from Narita/Tokyo to Rome (through Seoul). Everything was nice on the way to Rome - however, on the way back to Tokyo, there was a big delay from Rome, which made me miss my original flight from Seoul. I was supposed to reach Narita…"
"394" "I have had the opportunity to fly on U.S. airlines and Asian airlines. there is no comparison. from the moment you contact the staff of Asiana or ANA , etc, you are greeted with respect and a kindness which is real not for public relations only. the first bow that the flight…"
"395" "My flight Singapore to seoul was horrible   I couldn’t believe that they do not have inflight entertainment and the inflight meal was inedible.  The aircraft  was very very very old and looks unsafe. I think it looks like from 90’s aircraft and the meal ... just buy your own…"
"396" "As business class seats it was adequate while lacking some storage and drink holders . Food sterile, and minimal. limited to 2 western , 1 oriental, and 1 vegetarian option. Meat portion so small had to ask for a second portion.  Staff pleasant but not very gracious. Quickly…"
"397" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"398" "I flew home with a medical issue.  The service was great as they asked if they could do anything.  I just needed to get up a lot as I could not sit comfortably.  The seats were roomy for economy.  The food was plentiful and good.  The service was excellent."
"399" "It was my first time flying Asiana. And I have to say I was impressed. On time the flight attendants were nice. Had a Layover at Incheon and it's always nice. Plenty to do even took a free tour of Seoul."
"400" "I was pleasantly surprised on our trip to Phuket from Melbourne on the seat size in economy on the leg from Melbourne to KL...  The local flights from KL to Phuket and back again were a bit squashy but ok. The flight from KL back to Melbourne however was horrendous !!   I'm just…"
"401" "It was my first trip with this airline and I was impressed with the quality of service. I have flown a few different airlines to Europe which were sub par in amenities and in-flight hospitality, but with Asiana I was provided with everything you would expect for a long flight:…"
"402" "Being a tall guy, I'm always a bit wary before a 10 hour (night)flight, the seat was a bit hard and the food a bit unsatisfying, but otherwise, enough legroom and very friendly service, would fly again with Asiana."
"403" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"404" "Comfortable but Long lay over at Incheon Nice airport Incheon and lots to do to spent time. But hope it could   be reduced Vegetarian food need to improve Service is excellent Business class seats  have adequate space"
"405" "All Cabin Crew are the best!! An Aircraft is superb!! Flying to seoul is almost 6 hours however it is not made me tried for journey!!"
"406" "Our departure was delayed over an hour due to Sea-Tac congestion, but landed in Seoul just a few minutes late. I appreciated that the flight attendants were very attentive and responsive like I often find on Asian airlines.  The price was excellent and the food was very good,…"
"407" "We flew tourist class. We experienced timely arrival and departures. Moreover the flight attendants treated passengers as paying customers,rather than inconveniences. Flying again in November and yep booked Asiana Airlines again. Econmical prices, dependable times and cannot…"
"408" "I fly Asiana Business Class when I travel to China (it's worth the stopover in Seoul). The planes are spotless, the business class seats are sublime, and the crew is as friendly and helpful as any I've encountered."
"409" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"410" "I used this Airline in 12/2015 and again in September and October 2017.  I was seriously impressed with the friendliness of the staff and crew of the flight, the leg space, the outlets for my laptop, the staffs willingness to provide ice and drinks throughout the flight, clean…"
"411" "If you are flying from the US to Japan, check Asiana Airlines. The staff are universally professional and helpful. A wide variety of special meals ate available. you have to preorder those. They serve 2 meals and snacks and drinks, including wine, and free movies,…"
"412" "Flew with Asiana on from Seoul to San fran.      Boarding was orderly and aircraft looked fairly new.     FAs were ok but not overly cheery or friendly.     Meals were fairly decent quality along with good inflight movie choices.    Seat pitch was really good and was super…"
"413" "We have flown Korean Air, Cathay Pacific, Eva, United, and this was our first Asiana flight. It was absolutely wonderful. The flight attendants pampered us. The food was excellent and the cabin beds were very comfortable.  We will defintiely fly Asiana again."
"414" "As usual, Asian airlines have good service. I was surprised by the food quality on our flight, that is not your usual plane food. The air hostesses are very kind and the counter personnel is professional and helpful. Their millages system is very generous. I am a happy and loyal…"
"415" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"416" "Asiana has a checking time of 2 hours prior to departure.  This is 1-2 hours less than pretty much every other airline I've flown, which is around 22-23 airlines.  Their staff, though pleasant, has no desire to help out other star alliance gold members in extenuating…"
"417" "This was my first time flying Asiana Airlines, and to my surprise, it was really nice. Had a 12 hr flight and a short stop in Seoul but the seats were pretty comfortable. The food portions were decent, and food was actually really good too. They didn’t disappoint. They had…"
"418" "Everything was great...the service, the food, the choice of in flight entertainment, etc. Seemed like anytime anyone went into the restroom, someone was there checking on it. Seems the restroom was the biggest one I've ever seen on an international flight I've taken in the last…"
"419" "ペットと一<U+7DD2>に旅行する場合には、アシアナ航空は選ばない方がいいと思います。<U+5C06><U+6765>、改善されたペットポリシ<U+30FC>が<U+767A>行されることを<U+5F37>く望みます。I booked a flight from ICN to FRA, being accompanied by small pets in cabin.  But I cancelled it because they require pets to be stored in the luggage space above the seats during take-off and landing according…"
"420" "Very comfortable seats, good on board service, punctual flights.Value for the price is excellent.You can order your meal, if you have a special diet."
"421" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"422" "Our flights from Singapore to Seoul was good - the seats were wide and spacious, the movies selection was sufficient and the food (especially Korean) was rather authentic and delicious, given the usual bad name given to airline food.  We enjoyed the selection of Korean movies…"
"423" "Cabin always very hot. Poor choice of movies. No choice in meals. Cheap airline...     Always seems to be late."
"424" "I was a bit apprehensive about flying with Asians Airlines as I hadn't heard good things about them but the price and flight times worked so the choice was made. The planes are old and the decor dated but you get a good amount of leg room and seat comfort. The food was very…"
"425" "My family and I suffered an absolutley awful experience with Asiana last month. We were halfway into our flight from Fukuoka, Japan to Seoul (where we were supposed to transfer to our flight to London) when we were informed there was a problem with the landing gear and therefore…"
"426" "Our flight was cancelled as we were lined up waiting to board. No reason was given. We were just asked to pick up our luggage and head to the front desk. We were told our flight would fly the next night over 18 hours after our first flight. We were very unhappy. Not sure I would…"
"427" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"428" "It was my first time flying with foreign flight - before I only flew with locals. First thing I was asked while on board is to close the window while the plane was flying and opened it once touched down and took off from airport. Flight attendants are ready to help with smile…"
"429" "This was my first time flying with them and the only reason I picked them was bc their prices were decent. My first flight with them was from Seoul to Jeju and my group of 4 missed our flight because we read the time as standard time but it was written in military time. I called…"
"430" "When I reached my destination I found a lot of valuable items missing from my suitcase, for instance my mobile phone, my expensive designer hand bag, my cosmetics etc. This is when I was traveling in business class! I don't even know where can i report these thieves! Their…"
"431" "So of the many airlines that I have flown, Asiana is the quickest way to become a Star Alliance Gold member. That means you can pass the lines at security, have priority check-in, upgrades business lounge services, the list goes on and on. Not only is the staff attentive, you…"
"432" "This was my first time to take Asian airline.  I was kind of nervous but it was actually pretty nice.  The aircraft was A350.    First, lets start with boarding process.  We were business class and I think this aircraft should have about 30 business seats.  When the airline…"
"433" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"434" "The Asiana flight to Seoul was comfortable despite the economy class!  Attendants were friendly with a great attitude for service.  The new fleet of Airbus planes were much quieter than I've ever experienced!  With the addition of a low fare - this flight made a lot of sense!  …"
"435" "My family flew on Asiana Airlines' A380 in First Class.  My wife and daughter were seated in the center aisle, 2E and 2F and I was seated in 2K.  During boarding, my door (2K) did not close at all.  After all the eningeers who worked on it, they decided to give up on repairing…"
"436" "Hopefully Asiana Airline can increase their luggage weight from 23kg to 30kg for their international flight. Luggage weight system, to calculate based on total luggage weight according to booking number instead strictly 23kg per person. Asiana Airline need to be more flexible!!"
"437" "First time taking Asiana Airlines,  went to various locations in Korea (group tour)  in my judgment this airline is somehow a middle range airline of it's design.  Why? Design of the aircraft is weird.  Seating is not even,  which mean,  you are suppose to watch tv/ movie in the…"
"438" "Nothing negative to review. I fly Asiana whenever I can. The schedule is convenient, service is outstanding and the food is pretty good as far as airlines go.  You get a choice of Korean or Western meals... Pick the Korean, it's a bit better than the Western. If you have a food…"
"439" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"440" "Great service and has spacious leg room. Meals served on the flight are good and staff are very friendly and accommodating. Restrooms are kept clean and has excellent amenities."
"441" "Along with air New Zealand, for me the best airline i've ever flown, Awesome service, very friendly staff, and most important, seats are wider than usual asian airlines, i'll fly Asiana every time i get a chance"
"442" "The biggest problem I had with this airline was that they messed up my wifes name on her ticket and wanted to charge us to fix it even though it was their mistake.  They told us that the only way to correct it was to cancel the ticket and re-issue us a new one at the new higher…"
"443" "The seats was incredible with your own private cubicle.  Plenty of space and privacy and a big screen.  The bathrooms are huge, it's about the space or 2 - 3  bathrooms with a cushioned seat and full amenities.  They stopped giving away those amenity bags and just stock the…"
"444" "It was just a short flight and it was ok.  The business lounge at incheon could be improve a little with more food selection.   The seat was ok and service from crew were great.  Inflight meal was ok too except the movies selection just so so.   Ok for 2 hours flight. "
"445" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"446" "Flying Asiana's business class was AWESOME. Make sure your plane is an Airbus 380 - the seats are roomy, and fully extended provide a bed for a good night's sleep while enroute from Kennedy Airport to Seoul's Incheon Airport. The flight crew was marvelous, the food good, and the…"
"447" "AIRPLANE: Boeing 777. I am just wondering if they ever changed the interior of this airplane since they bought it.....to be sincere the Business class is waaaaaayyyyyyy too old. Seats are not very comfortable.  ENTERTAINMENT SYSTEM: help!!!!! I don't know if it's because it's…"
"448" "這家航空公司出現下列問題：一、不是做服務的航空公司；二、沒有承諾的航空公司；三、<U+8B0A>言處處的航空公司。  We, party of 4 pax, arrived the Terminal One of the Incheon International Airport (ICN T1) by the Airport Railroad Express (A'REX) at around 18:30 (GMT+9) on June 30, 2018 and towards to the check-in counter J with Asiana…"
"449" " The best selection to fly from San Francisco to Seoul.   Clean, new planes and great customer service. On time. Good food.  Spacious legs room in the economy class.   Part of the star Alliance if you are in the miles plan.  "
"450" "The service and amenities were top notch.  The personal space and lay flat chair made the 2.5 hour flight seem too short.  The food and service were Absolutely awesome."
"451" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"452" "Very disappointing flights from Phuket to JFK, specifically with respect to Asiana’s inflight meal service...it was an absolute fail...they did not inform us prior to the flight they had problems with their caterer, which meant we paid for a business class ticket, and was not…"
"453" "We flew Asiana to Seim Reap via Seoul and then back from Ho Chi Minh/Saigon via Seoul and were very comfortable & well fed--much nicer than US carriers. A schedule change made our 2 hour layover into a 10 hour layover and Asiana gave us all free city tours of downtown Seoul. It…"
"454" "I've never been so frustrated and at one point, angered by the pure lack of either the website to simply purchase a ticket (full fare Business class no less) and not having much success at all, calling reservations not two but three times to their Korean reservations number to…"
"455" "11 hours flight was an amazing. The staff were friendly. The meals were specific and tasty. I recommend them to update films and music. the lainer isn't new, but comfort."
"456" "What a FIVE Star airlines this is!! I always fly on Asiana wether for business or pleasure. In 2010 when I first started flying with Asiana , I was in economy class and back then they already had a great TV/movie choices better some of the famous brand airlines in the US. After…"
"457" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"458" "I purchased a round trip flights from Seattle to Narita in October. I got email a week ago said that my connecting flights between Seattle to Incheon were canceled due to the weather schedule. The link they sent me in the email directs me to their website which is totally in…"
"459" "We were a family of 5. We were with our autistic son. The flight crew was nice. One FA even looked for a row of seats where my daughter could lie die. Flight entertainment made the flight seem shorter. Leg room was sufficient.   On a delayed flight (45min) we even got to talk to…"
"460" "Overall this flight was pretty good.  I had enough room as my family had all 3 seats.  Did not have to deal with neighbors we did not know.  The food was frequent.  The drinks were plentiful.  The service was great.  The legroom not bad."
"461" "This is a short review of my flighrlt from Seoul-Gimpo to Jeju Island.  Flight took only 50 minutes.  Flight was delayed by 30 minutes.  Very pleasant flight. Took off then a short beverage service then we were ready to descent to Jeju.  Oh the plane is a 767-300, which is very…"
"462" "I am writing this towards the end of my return trip from Seoul from Los Angeles. I flew to Seoul  form LA on Singapore air and had so much better service then on my return trip from Seoul back to LAX on Asiana . Had much better food options then the usual beef or shell fish on…"
"463" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"464" "Words can not express my total enjoyment on this trip.  My first time in Business Class and hopefully not my last.  All my reviews of Asiana Business on YouTube came true.  It was everything I expected and more.  Very friendly staff on all routes to and from.  I must admit my…"
"465" "First the good: Service was excellent, people friendly and professional. Seat room was excellent, especially if compared with United Airlines.  There were a couple of free inches between  my knee and the seat in front. (My legs don't fit on United). The food was good.  Usually a…"
"466" "It's unbeliable that Asiana Airlines use such an out-of-date features for such a 9-hour international flight. I took Asiana Airlines five years ago to Honolulu, but evidently they are falling behind. Their seatback screens are only a bit larger than my iPhone (I mean iPhone, not…"
"467" "지상 및 기내 직원의 친절도는 최고 수준이었고 음식과 음료도 다양하며 맛도 있었다.   하드웨어 곳곳에 낡고 헤어진 곳이 있고 유지보수가 제대로 되지 않은 듯 했다. 의자는 어깨 측에 달린 안전띠가 좌석에 튀어 나와서 너무 불편했고 팔걸이도 리모컨 위치와 중복이 되어 불편했다.   가장 엉망인 것은 청결 이었다. 좌석 및 라운지 구석 곳곳은 먼지가 있었고, 특히 화장실 내의 환풍구와 창가 좌석 하단에 위치한 환풍구에는 먼지가 거미줄처럼 엉겨 붙어 있는 것이 족히 한달은 청소를 하지 않은 것…"
"468" "So we flew with this company and it will be the last for sure. Poor customer service when calling. Website not user friendly. Took forever to find phone number and then when we did find one we sat on hold for 5-10minutes. The lady on the other end could not even help us."
"469" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"470" "I picked this airline because it was actually the cheapest at the time. Our flight was delayed by about an hour so the boarding at SFO was just chaotic. Because of the delay everyone was itching to get on, The ground crew should of expected this as they were aware of the delay.…"
"471" "I'd flown Asiana once before between Seoul and Bangkok and was impressed, but this time I was really underwhelmed.  The most annoying thing about Asiana on this route is that the entertainment is severely limited.  The in-flight magazine shows that on flights to New York, Tokyo,…"
"472" "I've been a loyal customer of Asiana for a long time now, always great service! excellent food and lounges. Just keep up the good work guys and more power to you."
"473" "I had to cancel my trip going back to the U.S. I was told that I need to call Asiana to get half of my refund. I've been trying to call them but none of the customer service phone number works. All of the phone numbers provided don't answer phone calls. Also, when I traveled to…"
"474" "Food for vegetarian is terrible & no expression for regret when whole pack was returned to crew. Flight was delayed they don't utter a word of apology to passenger."
"475" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"476" "You cannot choose your seat on the website (terrible experience, most of the content is not even translated in English), and at the airport they tried to charge me and my colleague for premium economy before telling us that actually one of us was elegible for free upgrade since…"
"477" "I recently flew to Thailand, Phuket the service was mediocre. Normally on an International flight, the Pilot and the Flight crew translates everything being said over the microphone. During my time on the flight on more than one occasion I found myself clueless when an…"
"478" "They just don't accept their mistake.  Too many reasons. Terrible reasons.  will never fly with them again."
"479" "I've flown on Asiana in the past, but my best experience came onboard their new A350 that they're utilizing on their LAX and SFO routes. The Economy Smartium seats offer more room, but the biggest bonus comes when people choose not to opt for the service. This affords you the…"
"480" "travelled again but flight were old and catering issue delayed the inbound flight  very less in flight entertainment"
"481" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"482" "I just completed my first flight on Asiana and it will be my last.  Seats that are flat but not horizontal and so desperately uncomfortable. No chance of sleep at all. Food was poor, service was friendly but only in the sense you felt the crew were making the best of a bad lot.…"
"483" "Have flown with Asiana in the past.  This trip was no different.  Great Service, clean aircraft and the seats a westerner friendly.  Flight attendant are always nice and always ready to assist you if you need anything.      As a side note, if you book with them and have a…"
"484" "Very good experience for an economy flight. Lots of leg space, always fresh drinks and very friendly and helpful staff. Good entertainment programm. Highly recomendable!!"
"485" "I took Asiana on a transit flight from CTU to MNL on 28th June. I would like to compliment the crews on board this flight OZ324 and OZ701. The crews were courteous, always smiling and responding quickly to requests. There were 2 rather rude and demanding pessengers on the 1st…"
"486" "Flew from Ottawa with AC to Vancover to Soeul. The service was first class...the meal the in flight service was second to non I would always fly them for my first choice"
"487" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"488" "good service, feel like in korea while sitting on this plane. the stewardess are very beautiful and all are white skin. no need to transit/transfer from jakarta, because the airlines is from korea. so from jakarta direct to incheon. their meals so far ok."
"489" "The seating was comfortable, the food was great, the entertainment was current, the flight attendants were polite, accommodating and kind to my child."
"490" "Every airline in the world usually seats together  family member who booked tickets together. Not asiana. Nope. Wife and I got 2 middle seats even though we booked weeks in advance of the trip. Asiana website crashes for 48 hrs while trying to do online as they suggested.…"
"491" "I have always taken Singapore Airlines but used Asiana this time because of the domestic flights. It is cheaper this way for international and domestic flights using same airline. Service was pleasant. Flight entertainment was very limited. Food choice was just ok. You may not…"
"492" "We recently flew to the USA via Asiana Airlines and going back to Manila. Seats were okay. Food was lousy which seemed to be lacking in balance. For instance, in one of the meals, they served Bibimbap with ground meat and the other offering was Beef too. Normally, it would be a…"
"493" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"494" "594099031  I have flown on Asiana Airlines before, and the experience was the same; friendly and courteous, with very attentive flight attendants. Flew round trip to and from Korea. Service was excellent with two meals and a snack. In-flight entertainment was very good and on a…"
"495" "We arrived at Jakarta Airport @ 8.00PM to catch our flight back home @11.45PM to find out that our flight was delayed for 4 hours. No one send us notifications even we did sign up for it.  Again another 4 hours delayed from Seoul to Los Angeles due to the late arrival from other…"
"496" "Cabin crew were extremely friendly, first time I have ever seen this - before take off they each came around the aisle and thanked / welcomed everyone onboard.  Quick complementary beverage service which was standard.  Aircraft was nice (A320) with good leg room and storage…"
"497" "a very nice private suite ,but business is near as nice as have flown first 3 times and business over 25 times between asiana and cathay pacific flight over 6 years"
"498" "My mom and took Asiana airlines to go visit our family in the Philippines. We took Korean airlines last time and it was great. This airline is equally the same. Everything from the food to service of the flight attendants was great. I also took this airline because it gave me…"
"499" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"500" "Good service on new A350. The A350 is a new aircraft that is less noisy inside and also more humid making it less dry.  Service is good, food is much better than other airline especially the Korean selection (bimbimbap) that comes in real ceramic ware and real metal spoons. …"
"501" "My flight from Frankfurt to Incheon was quite comfortable on an A380 and I flew in a Business class, seated on the upper deck.  The food and beverage offered were of average quality; I noticed that no Champagne was offered before the take-off (used to it from Swiss and…"
"502" "This was my second time to fly with Asiana Airlines and both times have been great. The attendants are always checking on you and it seems like you never have periods that you can not find anyone if you desire something like so many of the overseas airlines. The feed you a lot…"
"503" "Send my three step children home to the Philippines to visit Grandma. Flight on July 3 delayed,missed connection to manilia. Asiana put them up in a hotel . Next day morning flight Booked,no room. Now sending them to Japan and from there to Manila. Close to A fourty hour trip…"
"504" "When I arrived at LAX for my flight, I was informed that the outbound first leg aircraft was late and the flight was delayed approximately 4 hours. Since my turn around time in ICN was about 2 hours, that meant that I would miss the ICN to MNL leg.  The agent told me that Asiana…"
"505" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"506" "have made this flight a number of times with different airlines...the flight attendants are younger and generally very pleasant and accommodating...for airline food, it is better than most.."
"507" "Asiana had a summer sale on Business Class, which made the upgrade affordable and I'm glad I did it! Five stars for the privacy of my single seat on the right-side aisle and the delicious food choices for a fish-eating vegetarian: marinated shrimp appetizer with a mixed seafood…"
"508" "My flight got messed up but rather than a stack of irritating mishabs after the got me a hotel and meals for my stay while i had a longer usual layover in Korea. Personally i know most American airlines will let you root in an airport than help you out, they didnt. Also the feed…"
"509" "Travelling with asiana is a breeze.The FAs are very warm and helpful and the amenities are ok.In terms of food,its average."
"510" "Very good service ! Comfortable flight! Though it was just a 2 hr flight, stewardess managed to serve drinks and lunch onboard."
"511" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"512" "Although the command of English appears better than the flight to Incheon, the speaker is either in need of some upgrade or the crew have been speaking too close to the mic, all the announcement are so muffled that I could not make out anything.   Other than fhat, the flight is…"
"513" "Flew from Incheon to Heathrow. Business class has flat seats and no neighbour if you are by a window and flight was on time. Food was pretty dry and tasteless, staff were more interested in chatting in the kitchen area than helping the passengers, and entertainment selection was…"
"514" "Hello, I had a very smooth and easy time moving my cat with me from Buffalo NY USA to Phnom Penh , ID LIKE TO SAY FIRST THIS IS THE DETAILED INFO FOR ALL MY FLIGHTS AND WHAT I WAS TOLD EVERYONE REQUIRED BUT I WAS NEVER ASKED ONE TIME FOR ANYTHING. NO ONE EVER LOOKED AT HIS…"
"515" "Overall a good airline with a few misses.  I flew from DC to SGN, with a stops in SFO and ICN.  Since Asiana doesn't fly from DC, the DC-SF leg was handled by Virgin.  Here they messed up.  I paid for the extra checked baggage, and the fee was collected by Virgin.  Yet when I…"
"516" "Comfortable and courteous flight experience. Good meals, leg room for westerners, and entertainment services. Layover in Korea was handled smoothly."
"517" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"518" "Our flights from MNL-INC and INC-MNL were superb! The babies could sleep soundly as the pilots are masters of smooth take offs and landings.   But it was hellish when there wasn't a bassinet seat available (where I could also sit near my toddler and hubby).  Asiana squeezed us…"
"519" "My first time with asiana airlines and i was upgraded to business class. I dont know the reason why but still thank you so much to asiana."
"520" "My wife and I took a 14 hour flight from Seoul to Chicago, after spending a week in East Asia for a few math conferences. It was by far the worst flight of our life. It was an extremely old and dirty 767 we flew on, the in flight entertainment was broken so we couldn't watch…"
"521" "I love this airline because of its comfort and safety features and services. Aside from the promo price I got, the service is ok, the food is delicious and excellent and the cabin crew are all kind, courteous and friendly. I surely recommend this airline for your flight to…"
"522" "First time to fly Asiana, the booking process online was straight forward and tickets were issued immediately. Check in at the airport went smoothly and the flight departed on time. We were given the emergency exit seats which has plentiful leg space. overall, the seats are very…"
"523" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"524" "I flew 4 long segments, so I think that gave me a pretty good perspective on what they offer. All were in economy, but with lounge access.   The good:  Slightly better seat pitch than you get on US airlines. Every extra inch helps.   FAs were polite, not surly like Delta or Air…"
"525" "The entire process of travelling through Incheon Airport is extraordinary. The staff are absolutely dedicated to their individual roles of giving the most excellent service possible. Asiana carries this experience skyward. Incredible standard for all their customers regardless…"
"526" "What you expect from an Asian airline, slightly dated planes but outstanding service.  Check-in in China is always crazy, boarding also so i dont think its fair to review this.  PVG to ICN was delayed but made up time, transit through ICN i was a bit pressed for time but it was…"
"527" "I enjoy flying with Asiana. They are professional and offer great service.  My first leg from Hong Kong to Seoul was on a A330 and it was a great flight. We had turbulence but that’s the weather for you.   The flight from Seoul to Chicago was on 777-200.  This plane was older…"
"528" "The flight from ord to Incheon was on 777-200er and it seemed reconfigured. Larger seats with a lot of recline space in economy. In flight entertainment was good and the screen was had with usb. Great service. My only issue with the service is needing a snack along with the 2…"
"529" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"530" "The staff were excellent very attentive and extremely helpful, loved the flight , highly recommend to anyone "
"531" "I couldn’t imagine that i would like any airplane food but the food here is really much better than some of the better airlines.   Other than that, announcement on plane are made in Korean and Korean accented English. I couldn’t understand either but that does not really bother…"
"532" "2018 Mar30 flight from ICN-NRT business class  -feels old -some features not working -in-flight entertainment very limited ie movies (unexpected in Business Class) -the food does not suit me personally  the saving grace is a very hospitable flight crew, all 3 of them :)"
"533" "We got to the airport about 2 3/4 hours before our scheduled flight.  It was not really clearly marked as to which line we should be checking our luggage.  However, there were airline employees throughout the line to confirm that we are in the right line.  Please be prepared and…"
"534" "The worse airline I have travelled on.   Lost my bags - totally unsupportive.   Airbus A380 - same set up in suites 1-2-1 as Singapore Airlines . Not comparable for comfort whatsoever. Comfort far inferior. Food absolutely abysmal. Lobster - well - it may have been once upon a…"
"535" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"536" "The seats were an older model but comfortable for a day flight. The staff and service were outstanding. The food and wine also fabulous. There was a western menu and a Korean menu but you could not mix choices. Entertainment choices were enough, not a lot of new movie releases…"
"537" "Flew over 14 hours to Ho Chi Minh City via Inchon.  Economy was reasonably comfortable, and had sufficient movies to pass the time.  The staff was professional, helpful, and always accessible.  Food service was timely and with sufficient beverages.  I will fly Asiana any time I…"
"538" "I’ve already taken a lot of different airlines but had never heard of Asiana airlines before. We flew with them for the first (and last time) to go to Japan last April. We had an entirely 12h DAY flight but we were not allowed to open the window nor switch on the lights to read…"
"539" "Asiana is about as good as it gets for a long flight in an economy seat. This is the time I've taken this flight and the service and amenities have been consistently good.  Asiana's 777 economy class is 9 seats and two aisles across, which is very much better than most airlines…"
"540" "Although I have traveled quite a bit, it was my first experience with this airline and I must say I liked it a lot. It was just a very short domestic flight from Seoul to Jeju Island so you would think that on such a short flight there would not be any service but there was! The…"
"541" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"542" "We took Asiana Airlines to Seoul to and fro Singapore in May and experienced flight delays both ways. Going there on a red eye flight so delay less than an hour was ok. On the return date we received notification of flight delay by one hour due to aircraft connection. On…"
"543" "yes, I was not keen on the colours the seats were light brown also the cabin crew were in brown the crew were friendly and the food was good overall a good airline."
"544" "I was told by my travel agent that this was a budget airline but the only one they could use that fitted in with my planned itinerary.  We checked in at the airport with no problems and waited at the gate.  It seemed to be very last minute to actually get people to board but…"
"545" "Boarding, flight attendants passenger attention, food quality, onboard entertainment was adequate but not extensive resulting in my Cathay Pacific experience being awesome. Even the legroom estimated at 32 to 33 inches was above the average plane and at 5' 9\" my knees seldom…"
"546" "Flew on an A380.  Service was flawless.  FA’s were attentive, service with a smile.    Food was terrific.  I had Korean dinner and breakfast and I really enjoyed the quality.  I also had a snack of ramen noodles.    IFE was good with more selection than I had expected, but not…"
"547" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"548" "New A380, good internal condition. Flight left on time. I could not get the meal I ordered (western meal) despite being one of a few western people in business class. Movie selection is poor and sparse. Otherwise comfortable flight"
"549" "i took package to los angeles to danang vietnam 3 night 4day trip and to seoul korea. with asiana airline. i flew from lax to inchon airport with airbus 380 which is one of newest big airplan by airbus and very nice and clean, then when we arrived inchon airport we have…"
"550" "Our business class flight from New York to Seoul was wonderful. The service was seamless, the meals were wonderful and the accommodations the best. We had a lounge with room to stretch and walk around. I can't say enough about how positive the experience was.  However from Seoul…"
"551" "Business class from London to Sydney with an overnight stop over in Seoul on the return flight. The experience was good, on the whole, with what you would expect from a business class cabin and courteous and helpful staff.  My partner is disabled and the assisted service he…"
"552" "I booked this flight from Australia to fly over to Seoul for a short trip whilst on a larger vacation to Japan.  Comfortable plane, wonderful customer service. Definitely will use them again if traveling within Asia."
"553" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"554" "Paid a bit extra for \"Special Coach\"  but well worth it.  a few inches make a world of difference when taking a long haul flight."
"555" "The service was good, the entertainment was good, the staffs were nice and very well dressed, the seat was also comfortable. The only thing that didn't satisfy me was only the meal. I ordered Muslim meal, but the quality of Muslim meal was not satisfying for me, other airlines…"
"556" "Asiana provides great service and I like their planes. The flight from Manila to Seoul is not as nice as Seoul to LA. The lounge in Manila is just awful for a business class lounge. Alas, it's Manila. The lounges in Seoul and L.A. are fantastic!!"
"557" "One of the best airline  Not many flight connect to the world but best food and best service by crew ever!!"
"558" "Asiana Airlines an excellent Airlines with very trained crew members and aircrafts are having a good leg spaces for a long haul travels.   I suggest better quality food should be served to vegetarians. A lot of improvement required for both breakfast & lunch/ dinner. Also choice…"
"559" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"560" "Airbus A380 with lie flat seats on upper deck. Aircraft very comfortable and quiet. Good friendly service onboard. reasonably good menu, but they ran out of western meal starters so had no complete meal. As the fine print says, sometimes your choice will not be available. A bit…"
"561" "we were booked on a super break holiday using Austrain airlines, had never used the airline before nor had any feed back from other travellers. so upon arrival we discover there is a problem with the booking - despite paying super breaks for 2 cases the airliine didnt have any…"
"562" "Great airline flew business, clean, great staff, good food very comfortable. Good business class lounges, used United at London which was excellent."
"563" "The cabin crew on this flight were the friendliest, most helpful and charming I have ever encountered.  They literally couldn't do enough to make our flight an enjoyable experience - I wish other airlines would learn from Asiana.  I highly recommend this airline.  The…"
"564" "Actually, I have never thought that Asiana Airlines is setting such high standards in aviation, especially when considering that their aircrafts are state of the art, all clean and tidy, modern and easy to use. Their service has been extremely comfortable, on board entertainment…"
"565" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"566" "I was pleasantly surprised with the seats in economy.  There was sufficient leg room and the wings on the headrest held your neck in a comfortable position.  Flight was full, but most are these days.  Would fly with them again for sure."
"567" "I am in a very expensive and horrible situation because of Asiana Airlines. I called to make a reservation on April 7th for my flight, and I also booked a reservation with my emotional support animal. It was accepted and everything was alright. I called back to reschedule the…"
"568" "My husband and I booked on Asiana because they were part of the star alliance, we belong to united mileage plus. They took our UA # at booking , we never received our travel miles. When I contacted them they said economy doesn’t receive miles! I’ve never heard of this and should…"
"569" "In-flight entertainment was out of order for the whole flight (even if it wasn't, their 90's style system would never offer any good experience), food was terrible (the menu said it was pork something, and it turned out to be \"Where's the pork?\" in the pile of cabbages), seats…"
"570" "Satisfied with the entire trip, from checkin to landing. I was surprised that the meal was hot, rice soft and fragrant, meal tender and juicy! Fast and good inflight service, smooth liftoff and landing, efficient and good. Not any poorer than some premium airlines around this…"
"571" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"572" "this is my first time flying to this airlines....the only thing i do not like is they always announce that our flight will be delayed"
"573" "I was wary of flying with this airline after their recent accidents on long-haul flights, but opted to use them after reading customer reviews. The outbound flight was in a brand new aircraft, and you could smell the newness. The seat (27A) was comfortable and reclined just that…"
"574" "It was a good flight, reminding me of how air travel used to be. We got a meal and the crew was friendly enough. Flight was delayed because of a passenger not showing up after checking luggage, but obviously that is an exceptional situation.  My only complaint was about the…"
"575" "I liked the professionalism of the check-in clerk as she was able to dispatch our bags to BRU with another airline despite our ticket with Asiana was only for the leg Haneda - Incheon.. On-board experience was very good, no complaints."
"576" "Horrible experience with Asiana airlines station manager C. D. Kim on flight OZ 748. Granted flight was cancelled due to weather, this station manager had no sense of customer service and dismissed our concerns, all he had to say was “no, no, no” on any questions we had or when…"
"577" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"578" "It had been a while since I flew Asiana. The aircraft was an A330-300, seated in economy from Singapore (SIN) to Seoul Incheon (ICN). The seats were slightly narrow, its colour made it look old, but it probably isn't. In fact, the seats turned out to be sufficiently comfortable.…"
"579" "Well, Asian business class lounge is the worst I have ever visited and the one in Incheon International Airport has to be third class. Not good enough and well shows you that you cannot keep up with Emirates.. one pot of food and one of rice.. yes that was it.. with some rolls…"
"580" "Travelled Asiana for the first time. The business class service was wonderful. The planes were new and cool. The food was great. Flight attendants were wonderful."
"581" "Very enjoyable flight with world class service. Will definitely recommend this carrier to everyone. American carriers could certainly learn a thing or two from their Asian carriers."
"582" "We flew Asiana both ways, to and from on our 28 day tour of Vietnam, Cambodia and Hong Kong. Asiana made the trip even more pleasurable due to on time performance, very accomplished, spiffy and kind flight attendants, good food and beverage, and some extra help at the desk at…"
"583" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"584" "this was the first time I flew Asiana Airlines (International). it was a Special Promotion, AUD$2650 Return for 1 pax, Direct Flight from Sydney to Seoul, Feb 5th 2018.  International Flight Asiana Airlines is good. I sat the New Airbus A380. the Flight Stewardess are gorgeous…"
"585" "I was pleasantly surprised by wide seat and extra legroom on A380-800.  Big screen was nice to watch movies.  I like A380 better than Boeing 787 Dreamliner.  Flight attendants were friendly and provided good service with smile."
"586" "We selected this airline as it was the cheapest airline at the time. I was a bit worried due to the cheap ticket price, but I was pleasantly surprised. The flights were well serviced with drinks, meals and snacks and good legroom. Incheon aiport was great for a four hour layover…"
"587" "We departed Spore on April 11, 2018 vis Asiana Airline flight no OZ752. Our flight was quite smooth except we were very upset with one Korean Flight stewardess.  She is the one who serve from row nos. 35 to the last row at right hand side.  We could not see her name tag but we…"
"588" "Flight Journal for Online Reviews  Route: OZ0601 - Seoul Incheon, South Korea (ICN) to Sydney, Australia (SYD) - daily departure from ICN at 20:00, scheduled  Airline / FFP: Asiana Airlines - part of Star Alliance.  Codeshare with Qantas, but unable to enter Qantas Frequent…"
"589" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"590" "1. Amazing food - I never knew airline food could taste this good.  4 course dinner: Caprese salad with fresh mint leaves, tomato, and delicious cheese with tiny bottle of balsamic vinegar - I was already impressed by this dish. Then came my seafood pasta dish with 2 prawns and…"
"591" "Travelled with Asiana from London Heathrow to Sydney, via business class, as the cost was the best value against other carriers, and the duration was equivalent. First time with Asiana and in business class and we thought the service was superb.    The seats from London were…"
"592" "Flew from Jakarta to Seoul for holiday in economy class. I got off at midnight, still we got a welcome snack though. We got two choices for breakfast: scrambled egg or shrimp. Had the quite same price with Garuda Indonesia at the moment, I didn't regret choosing Asiana to have…"
"593" "This was a surprisingly comfortable and even memorable flight.  The seats were large and comfortable with good opportunities for sleep.  Staff were kind and helpful and the food, particularly the Korean dishes - delicious."
"594" "Korean company using good airplanes for their route. Staff is kind, very polite and helpful. Food is good (for airplane food). Overall good airline, and good price too."
"595" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"596" "Flew from ICN to SFO on a fully-booked flight in Economy class. Was a bit apprehensive at first to sit in Economy for a ten-hour flight. However it went very well: attentive flight attendants, good video/ entertainment system. It was a night departure so we were served a dinner…"
"597" "I had a good flight. I just hope that there's more option of food and bigger pillow since it's a long flight. But overall it's very good experience. Thanks."
"598" "the airline is nice and clean, flights attendants are very pleasant and attentive to passengers. the reason for three stars is the food. From JFK to Incheon food was good, but from Incheon to Clark and clark to incheon all the way back to JFK the foods are not so good, you just…"
"599" "I often choose Asiana Airlines for my trips. They serve quality food (love korean foods so yummy :) ) and good service inside flight. Toilet is always clean. Good point for me! But especially if you are going to Istanbul, planes have old multimedia system (especially headphone…"
"600" "My first flight on Asiana, and was bumped from economy to business as plane was full for overnight flight.  The seat was a flat bed on the A380 and I had the last seat in the section in front of lavatories.  Not ideal in terms of noise but I got a much better rest than had I…"
"601" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"602" "What an amazing flight!  Flight attendants were attentive but respectful of your space.   Seat 2E, a closed suite, was extremely comfortable.  The suite was equipped with a large 32\" television and a personal closet for hanging your clothes.  When it was time to sleep, you were…"
"603" "compare with EVA snack during the flight still lower than EVA the rest its ok ^____^ coz i like korean food."
"604" "We traveled as a family of 5.  Myself, husband and 3 kids aged 12, 6 and 3, all in business class.    In-flight entertainment is sorely lacking in selection.  If you've got kids, better load up their iPads or bring them lots of toys.  The cabin was WARM.  UNCOMFORTABLY WARM.   …"
"605" "I've flown to various Asian countries over the years and my go-to has always been EVA. For my Vietnam trip however, Asiana offered the best deal, and it really was quite a good price. They're business class offers single seats next to windows and double seats in the middle, all…"
"606" "I just came back from Asia, and I had the opportunity to fly on Asiana's A380's First Class.     I would like to keep this simple.   Entertainment: 3/5 There are a lot of negative reviews on the Entertainment system, but I felt that it was just enough to keep me entertained, but…"
"607" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"608" "I usually use Inchon Airport, which is new, and great shopping for the duty free.  However, I found the Gimpo airport was interesting, and convenient!   Firstly, it is much closer to Soul downtown, which requires little time and money compared to the Inchon.  Secondly, there…"
"609" "I am a loyal member to Asiana so I may be biased. I simply like the meals served on this airline. Been traveling in coach and was satisfied with its legroom. So great food with decent legroom is what I would recommend Asiana Airlines -though the entertainment system selection…"
"610" "I flew from Seattle to Manila in the process of moving for work. Check-in was fairly quick compared to some airlines I've flown. And the counter people were very nice and found me an isle seat for the flight. The only isle seat available was at the bulkhead (first row in the…"
"611" "Very satisfied with Asiana Airlines flights from Tokyo  to Los Angeles. We would definitely fly them again. No problems making the reservations. Checking in at Tokyo was smooth. Boarding process was quick and efficient. Plane was modern, clean and everything worked properly.…"
"612" "I usually rate Asiana Airline as my favorite airline. Our last trip was a total disaster. When we arrivedd in Incheon, we told the staff that we will be in a tour. Since my wife needs a wheelchair due to back problem, I cannot ride the vehicle for those who with problems and I…"
"613" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"614" "I had a tight connection in Seoul but the crew waited for all passengers to be on board. Service is delivered with a smile, the food is good and a wide array of entertainment options are available. The legroom is very limited though if you only get a regular economy class seat."
"615" "This was my first flight aboard Asiana airlines and I was pretty satisfied.  The flight was only half full so I got to move from my seat so that I could have a row all to myself.  This gave me plenty of room to spread out.  My flight was late departing but Asiana held my…"
"616" "We flew two legs on Asiana on award travel.  The first from HNL to ICH (Korea) was business class, which was absolutely phenomenal.  And the second leg was ICH to Sydney.  We had gracious and wonderfully comfortable service on both legs.  The economy class seats reclined about…"
"617" "My friend recommended me Asiana Airlines. It was a great flight, I felt comfortable during the flight. The flight attendants also very helpful. overall I enjoy my long flight."
"618" "I had an impressive in-flight experience.  It was my first time flying Asiana Airlines.  Honestly, I don't know Asiana Airlines beforehand. I liked their pleasant and courteous flight attendants.  Their meal was good and they also offer i think two rounds of drinks after the…"
"619" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"620" "It was my first time on Asiana and I am impressed. The level of attention was superb as the flight attendant would come around to personally introduce herself. The food was good and the attendants would come around with water very frequently throughout the flight. The reclining…"
"621" "Asiana airlines have lived up to one of “ the best airlines“ category. Roomy legroom.Flight attendants have been very attentive and helpfu. Always checking out on passengers and kept the lavatories clean.Liked that they would provide juices and snacks in between meals and can…"
"622" "Excellent flight...courteous, friendly, professional and attentive. 2 delicious meals on first leg, another full meal on short end. In-flight entertainment was current and free. Made a long trip go by in a blink."
"623" "I booked my flights on a third party site because I was using my Citi Thank You points. Because of this, I didn't have the option to choose my seats and ended up picking them 2 weeks before my trip. I was in a middle seat flying from JFK to HND and luckily got a window seat…"
"624" "Asiana has been my choice of flight to go to Korea and onward to Asia destinations for the past 10 plus years.   Upside : Courteous & friendly in-flight services, on-time departure and 2 daily flights Downside: many unfriendly attitudes at LAX check-in desks and less desirable…"
"625" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"626" "Very friendly flight attendants, very helpful if you needed anything.  The food served on the flight was very good.  Wasn’t expecting food and such a short flight."
"627" "Plane was old...seat was ripped. The food was not good at all. I had chicken and veggies. The chicken was dry and the veggies were still cold. Flight attendants were very good at their jobs. Flight took off and landed on time."
"628" "I purchased my 1 way Business class ticket 2 months before departure and got a very good rate.The departure was over 1 hour late due to inclement weather. We arrived in Seoul only 30 minutes behind schedule. The follow on flight to Manila was on time. Business class with Asiana…"
"629" "I went to visit my son for the first time in Australia and decided to make the flight part of the holiday experience and therefore decided to book Business Class. My travel agent suggested I try Asiana, having never heard of them I was slightly concerned at first, but read…"
"630" "Asiana is pulling it together, I refuse to fly Delta, Northwest or American. It is pure hell for 12 hours. Asiana makes it bearable, Korean is still in the lead but more costly. I suggest booking through any online agent for the best deal although the cheapest ticket I've ever…"
"631" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"632" "The layover in Incheon was smooth and easy. Airport is very nice, and clean. Everything looks new, and free wifi is easy access."
"633" "Used to like Asiana Airlines but had a bad experience this time. Flight was delayed from 12:30pm to 2pm, at check in counter, was told we are not able to catch the connecting flight to hk, but will accommodate a night of hotel. We immediately packed clothes for a night.  When we…"
"634" "We were very much pleased with the service.  The staff were so approachable, friendly and respectful. The leg room was surprisingly spacious compared to Asian airlines. Temperature inside the aircraft was not consistent, felt hot for a little while."
"635" "Flying oversea from the US, Asiana Airlines rank among the best, probably one slight notch under Singapore Airlines.  Asiana Airlines emphasize on \"services\" and the whole crew is well trained, attentive, and recognize the importance of customer service. Flight attendants assure…"
"636" "Flew Business Class from MNL to HNL via ICN, both segments of the flight were exceptional. Service was epic, flight attendants were very attentive and gracious. Selection of food items and beverages were adequate, and the presentation was equivalent to any five star restaurant…"
"637" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"638" "I was not sure what to expect from an airline I knew nothing about.  I was pleasantly surprised by the superior service onboard this flight.  The plane was relatively new with lie-flat seats. Service was pleasant & helpful.  Food choices were good. My seat was very comfortable…"
"639" "At first glance leaving BKK at 2:00 am sounds lousy because red eyes are tough if you can’t sleep followed by another red eye Honolulu,.  However the long 10-11 hour layover works positively because Asiana has a special NAP corner at the Incheon Airport where one can sleep as…"
"640" "I was once again able to fly Asiana Airlines business class to Asia by using 90k United Air miles. I have flown Asiana in the past under the same arrangement but every year it seems to cost more miles to make the same trip. Asiana business class is, in short, wonderful. My…"
"641" "Their food (western) has a lot to be desired. Otherwise, I would have rated this excellent.  Nevertheless, I would still recommend this to my friends and others because of their legroom and their service."
"642" "I’ve flown this leg several time but this last time leaving Incheon, S Korea the airline made me change seats after I was seated because an mother and daughter ( mom was in her 50’s and daughter in her mid 20’s) complained to the flight attendant for 5 minutes in Korean ( yes…"
"643" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"644" "The airplane drivers are the most experienced in the Pacific Fleet.  The Flight Attendants are the most knowledgable/friendly/pros of any airplane service. and the food surpasses the closest competitor in the skies.  I would highly recommend even to immediate family members!"
"645" "Took a flight to Korea and the Philippines in January 2018 with this Airlines and felt like I was actually in 1st Class although riding in Economy Class. The cost is substantially less than all the others!!! The food selection was incredible and strangely filling for airline…"
"646" "I found the service good on the long haul flight from Los Angeles to Korea.   Food was good and entertainment system current films   The flight attendants were hospitable and accessible.   What I particularly liked was the second leg of the trip from ICN to SGN.   I could…"
"647" "Took the new A-130 (I think) from Los Angeles with a 4 day stop over in Seoul and then to Phuket Thailand. The flight to Korea was on an awesome new plane. Looks like a beluga whale with its two decks and large front cockpit. Good I’m flight entertainment and decent economy…"
"648" "My last trip on Asiana about five years ago was excellent. It seemed as if they had not updated their fleet since. Plane was tired and older. No wifi. Only on one leg was there an electrical power supply. Food was good but not great. Better options are available."
"649" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"650" "I flew Asiana from west coast US to Seoul (their hub).  I am 6'4\" and was concerned about having sufficient leg room so I sprung for the Premium Economy option at an added cost of $150 each way.  I lucked out in that the plane was packed but the Premium Economy section was…"
"651" "Received and update on the long leg from Incheon/SeaTac. Second time in 2 years the gold card status means priority check-in which means a lot in long lines overseas. In flight service is awesome with alert attendants."
"652" "First time flew with Asiana Airlines, Skytrax gave 5 Star to this airline, but isn’t 5 Star, economy seats are really good, but food is really not good and restrooms are pretty dirty, A380 plane is good, overall experience is 3 Star not a 5 Star."
"653" "Asiana flies an Airbus 380 on this route. I had booked a business trip, but at boarding gate was upgraded to 1st class; which on the 380 is a private suite with doors. The word excellent does not begin to describe the experience; my only problem was the flight was only 2 hours.…"
"654" "We flew this airline for the first time and the only negative was on the initial leg leaving Tokyo we had to be at the Airport at 4:00 am.  to catch a flight to Seoul.  Other than that we found both legs of the flight excellent  The Asiana lounge in Tokyo was very accommodating…"
"655" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"656" "The lounge was crowded and difficult to get proper service/access to showers, etc.  The flight was better, but nothing particularly special."
"657" "We travel constantly and often fly Asiana because the prices are good and the service is great.  We even like the food.  Comfortable and quiet aircraft."
"658" "First time flying with Asiana.  The service was excellent...very efficient and friendly.  Now, I'm not usually a fan of airplane food, and maybe I was particularly hungry on this day, but the food was great.  Will choose to fly with Asiana again in the future."
"659" "Flew return trip from London Heathrow to Sydney via Seoul in Business Class.  Lounges - can use Star Alliance lounges. United was the best one at Heathrow. The Asiana lounge in Seoul was very busy, and not particularly good, although the showers were fine. Food choice there was…"
"660" "Staff very accommodating, wonderful meals and entertainment. Seats on the A380 could us more padding."
"661" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"662" "This was the first time I have flown this airline. I flew Cathay Pacific on the way over. The service was outstanding. The staff were always checking to see if you needed anything. The food was very good for airline food. The seat was very comfortable and I was able to sleep…"
"663" "My ticket was economy flying into multiple cities over several days, Seattle- Hanoi, Ho-Chi Minh to Korea to Seattle, counter attendant told me my ticket is \"very low class\", not exactly the correct term to use to describe economy. Seats seem to be tighter, food was average. You…"
"664" "Was pleasantly surprised by our experience on Asiana, which was a first. You really do not have the impression, except may be for the seat fabric, that you are actually flying a budget airline. Punctual new plane, with friendly service and excellent value for money. Can't ask…"
"665" "Check-in boarding were all no hassle. Seat was bigger and cabin roomier than those of airlines owned by American companies. Arrival for connecting flight was 20 minutes later than schedule, but was able to board the connecting flight just in time. A female passenger who sat to…"
"666" "It was a Asiana 380-800 I believed, I went with my daughter my mother is from Japan but I've never been, Asiana must of change its original plane for thi's trip bease thE seating I picked a year ago wasn't the seating I picked when the time had come, I called them and they were…"
"667" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"668" "Can't beat Asiana for the price and service even in economy.  Flight crew did everything to make the 13 hr flight as comfortable as possible. Love the little touches such as on flight slippers which I used immediately after take off. Good food and on board entertainment…"
"669" "I would highly recommend this airline if you are going to Vietnam or anywhere in Southeast Asia. We had a comfortable flight on Asiana both ways, and the price was great. Unfortunately, there was a 12 hour layover on the way back in Seoul. However, we were able to catch a free…"
"670" "This is what I expected! Excellent service wonderful food and wine! Facilities that worked. Good job!!"
"671" "In other airlines flying Economy equals poor quality food. Not with Asiana.  Foods are delicious even in Economy.  I flew a 14+ hour flight and not going hungry is definitely a plus.  Also, the ticket prices are very reasonably cheap.  Will definitely fly Asiana again."
"672" "The TV service from SeaTac to Korea is poor.  The TV service from Korea to HKG is super.  Food is good and service is good"
"673" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"674" "Overall all the planes were really old. My first flight from JFK to Narita (with layover in Incheon) was pretty big with USB, electrical outlets, and large screens. I was pretty surprised and assumed since it was a 13 hour flight they used the nicer planes. The planes from…"
"675" "Check in for the flight was easy.  The staff was very accommodating.  The LAX terminal is still subpar compared to many other terminals I have been in.  We boarded fairly quickly for such a large aircraft; Airbus 380.  The onboard entertainment was via seatback interactive TV…"
"676" "I do not like their way of doing business. Basic price is OK. But if you do the web-check in there is not a single seat available without extra charges. They are expecting that you do their job, by checking in. With that they are saving money and manpower. Same time you must pay…"
"677" "Travel from Singapore to Bangkok using Asiana as there was a promotion on the air tickets. It's within expectation of a full fledged airline and everything was pretty pleasant."
"678" "The flights both down to Vietnam from Korea and back up to Korea were in an old 747.  On the flight into DaNang airport, we experienced the roughest landing I have ever endured.  There were mild turbulence on the descent, but not enough sheer or other weather to justify blaming…"
"679" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"680" "I chose the airline because of the great fare that they offered. I'm used to flying with the airlines but never with this airline. The lines at SFO wasn't long unlike other carriers and they weren't so strict with baggage weight as long as it just goes over a little over a pound…"
"681" "Flew ANA's brand new Boeing 787 Dreamliner red eye flight as a continuation of my journey from Toronto to Seoul.     Boarding was on time and FAs are super friendly and professional as usual.     Cabin looked over 90% full comprised mostly with Koreans and Japanese.     Leg room…"
"682" "First time with this airline and what a lovely surprise.  Excellent lounges at both ends, delicious food and caring service.  Spacious and comfortable.  I would definitely travel with them again."
"683" "Took this flight from Seoul to San Francisco on a brand new Airbus A350-900.  We were in transit in Seoul and had to get boarding passes which was no problem from the Transit Desk.  The check in at the gate for the flight was very smooth and well organized on zone.  The welcome…"
"684" "Overall, the flight was OK.  Good meal, great flight attendants and OK ground crew.  Our flight was delayed an hour both to and from LAX and I'm not sure why since its not weather related and was not explained clearly.  Boarding the plane was little chaotic because even though…"
"685" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"686" "Seat a little old and lacked comfort. Poor storage. Entertainment limited - few movies, limited music. Staff polite but not efficient, missed serving drinks, slow serving meals. And made so much noise in the galley during the overnight flight, could not sleep. The temperature…"
"687" "Recently flew the A380 from LAX to ICN and back. My husband and I sat in economy on the upper deck in a row of 2 seats. The great thing about sitting in this location is that there's a large storage bin next to the window seat. There was in-seat power through a USB port, a very…"
"688" "This airline is always one of the cheapest options when I look for flights. I have done two flights now from Seattle to Manila (layover in S. Korea). The last flight I had less than an hour layover without problems because the plane was able to land on time. The seats are normal…"
"689" "The service was horrible. The economy class seating started from row 10 and i was seated at row 20. and the stewardess was serving from the front to the back, by the time when they were serving the food to my row, bibimbap was no longer available. So i have to take the other…"
"690" "Asiana really offers good service on board and the fare was really low at US$624 for a round trip fare Manila/Los Angeles each for a passenger.  However, the staff at the Incheon airport have to learn English.  The service at LAX and Manila were okay, telling people to line up…"
"691" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"692" "Boeing 777-300 was immaculate and seats in Business were extremely comfortable. For exmple, United's 777s have 8 across vs only 5 across on Asiana. Inflight service was warm and very professional and meals were creative and well presented. Asiana is a truly world-class airline,…"
"693" "Reading all of these great reviews, I would think I was on another airline. We had to take a last minute emergency flight to Los Angeles and I called customer service - 3 times. First time, on hold over 30 minutes and hung up. Second time, on hold just over 30 minutes before…"
"694" "This was the first time we flew to the us via asiana. The service was ok. What impressed me were the seats. Each had an adjustable foot rest. It made the long haul  flight comfortable and it compensated for the limited entertainment choices."
"695" "Staff at check in counter was very helpful..she made sure that I had the important information / documents to fly back to Cebu...They also facilitated the check in of  the Kimchi (bought sealed and packaged), that I had in our hand carry. I did not know that it needed to be…"
"696" "This was part of a RTW fare and I had never flown with them before.  What a pleasant surprise.  The service was excellent and the food was varied and extremely tasty.  Matched with a smooth flight (on tome as well) just made for an overall pleasing introduction to the airline. …"
"697" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"698" "This is the 4th time that I have flown Asiana to the Philippines. The airline has been just great. The seats offer plenty of room, the food is good, alcoholic drinks are free and they come around with water, soda and orange juice on a regular basis. The flight crews are very…"
"699" "The aircraft for both inbound and outbound flights were old and the entertainment program had an issue that I could not hear the sound throughout the return flight. The entertainment program was rebooted for a few times but nothing was fixed in the end, and no complimentary…"
"700" "A380! It was huge! Three entrances to get on the plane! Lots of leg room. We even got a meal on a short flight. Will definitely try and fly Asiana again if we are on this side of the world soon"
"701" "The one thing that stands out are the seats are uncomfortable, My back was killing me. Some of my 4 flights taken on this trip had no entertainment counsel and when it did had some issues. All 4 flights were delayed. The flight attendants are personable helpful"
"702" "Took an Asiana flight to Seoul recently. Choose them largely because the cost was significantly less than my normal airline of choice. Very impressed with overall service and comfort. They have a small number of 'comfort' seats at the front of their economy section. Cost is…"
"703" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"704" "For a flight just one hower long the legroom was grate and the crew was very nice. Enertainment was good, for a such a short flight they gave us a funny movies to watch so the the flight felt wery much at home."
"705" "As a Lifetime Diamond Plus member, I could have flown Asiana more often, but since its parent company has been going through financial difficulties, the airline has suffered a lot. Old planes (Look at those ancient B767s they fly), downgraded inflight services, old lounges, and…"
"706" "Before I write this: I got where I was going, the airline covered a hotel when my layover went from being 2 hours to 25 hours, and they had everything ready to go when I arrived for my long layover. It was well organized...BUT...  My flight was delayed several hours out of…"
"707" "Asiana Air used A380 plane on this leg of our trip and it was very room, classy, and very comfortable ride in our journey.  Food choices and quality were excellent and so was the service.  Boarding process was smooth with upper deck passengers entering on a separate level and…"
"708" "First time with Asiana and I was rather impressed.  The staff are all extremely polite and friendly.  The business cabin is okay.  The seat moves down to provide a reasonably comfort sleep.  The area around the seat was a little dirty and there is no where to store one's bag…"
"709" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"710" "loved the 77L J class as it's a 1-2-1 config. Crew members were very efficient and friendly. Meal served promptly despite heavy turbulence during the first hour of the flight. The only downside would be the limited selection to the entertainment, plus there's no massage function."
"711" "At desk check in ground staff gave me a coupon to the HX lounge, but then OZ is under Star Alliance therefore I went to the star alliance one instead without any problem. Apparently star alliance lounge (near gate 14) will reject your entry if they were full so... J class was…"
"712" "One of the best value business class product out of Australia.  The airline will provide an overnight hotel stay with meals in Korea when flying to Europe and USA which means you'll board your second leg of the journey fresh and not jetlagged.  This complementary service is also…"
"713" "Overall no problem with this airline. Food is yummy. Unli drinks :) On flight movies are the new ones. The only downside i experienced is that they are not flexible when it comes to the checkin baggage. For economy passengers, one pax gets only one checkin. Even when you are…"
"714" "First time, we flew on this airline and business class experience was very good.  The flight took off in rain/snow showers in timely manner and arrived in time at destination.  Boarding process involved separate doors for business and coach passengers and it was smooth and fast.…"
"715" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"716" "Every time I travel with Asiana Airline, I don't have to worry about anything. Staff is super nice. Literally, everything is so nice!"
"717" "flying first time with Asiana Airlines, great experience, confident pilots, hard working friendly crew, comfortable bed, entertainment, tasty food, smooth take off and landing. i would fly Asiana Airlines again and again. D"
"718" "our family with 6 people will fly from seoul to tokyo when check in we will enter our suitcase as much as 6 and a trolley how shocked we turn out we only allowed the input of luggage as much as 6 pieces in accordance with the remaining personnel must pay 30,000 won and each…"
"719" "Had this airline recommended by booking agent, I’d never heard of them but decided to give them a go as there was a massive difference in price. I done plenty of research, read hundreds of reviews and couldn’t really find a reason not to try them. My main criteria was lie flat…"
"720" "Flew from Seattle to Ho Chi Minh City with a layover in South Korea.  I flew coach in Feb 20th 2017.   It was a delayed flight, but we made up time in the air.  Arrived in Incheon airport in South Korea after about 12hours.  The seats were comfortable for me, I'm 5'6\" so it was…"
"721" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"722" "Service was very good. Plane was very clean and food was also decent.  Even though I flew economy, sit was roomy. I had lay over at Incheon airport in Korea, airport was also nice and clean."
"723" "I bought ticket one month ago. This ticket New york - Seoul  transfer Seoul- Beijing. Then I goto Mongolia. These days don't have flight very tight time only one hour late flying from Beijing to Mongolia. My plan changed I already find and booked flight from Seoul- Mongolia.I…"
"724" "We have medium rare steak with veggies and potatoes wine was included. The pilot did not bother us during our he flight with useless announcements. Flight attend ends very courteous "
"725" "I really like their service from their check-in officer, their flight attendants, also their pilot which made smooth take off and landing. Their check-in officer recognize me and help me a lot when I had some problem with custom officer. The food was nice and it was a totally…"
"726" "this the first time i fly with them and only reason was cheap.the service and staff was very helpful to."
"727" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"728" "I flew Asiana for the first time this past January. I was really happy with my experience. The flight attendants were great and their bathrooms were always cleaned. They even stocked the bathrooms with toothbrushes and comb. This was a nice surprise. I expected a good experience…"
"729" "My flight experience was good, the flight offers korean food and food products also but if your the kind of international food they could offer a western type also. The duty free shopping is also more on cosmetics and beauty products as the korea known for it. They domestic…"
"730" "I am a premium Asiana member and until now have always been happy with their service.  However on my recent flights to Bangkok and Singapore I was very disappointed.  My return flight from Bangok to Seoul was delayed for 3 hours, and the flight from Seoul to Singapore a  was…"
"731" "My first 14hr nonstop flight and this was a great experience.  Never had a bad landing.  Very little to no turbulence.  Flight was smooth.  Food was excellent on the way over, on the way back not good choices.  Seats were comfortable enough.  Lots of bathrooms.  We had an empty…"
"732" "The flight to Seoul in an Airbus A380 was very comfortable. The food was excellent and the personal very friendly. Had enough space for legs and also sleeping.  I booked a rail&fly ticket and a special meal without problems before flight.   Entertainment is a bit low - could be…"
"733" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"734" "I was in line to be checked in for flight OZ235 between 10:30 and 11:00 am on 02/25/2018 at Noibai intl airport. I was helped by a female agent at kiosk F08, Asiana check-in counter, who failed miserably to inform / catch my missing travel documents. She checked me in making me…"
"735" "I have seen several reviews comparing Asiana to Cathay, and decided to try them both. I guess I ma glad I did bc now I know they are *not* comparable, but I did waste a nice business class flight on Asiana. In short: 1. Cathay has amazing lounges in Asia. The food spread,…"
"736" "To avoid traffic in Manila, we fly Asiana when going abroad as much as we can. Service is impeccable, flight personnel are courteous, making travel hassle-free. Keep it up Asiana!"
"737" "Really good airline. Flight attendants were super friendly and ready to assist passenger all the time. "
"738" "I have been on this flight several times, and it has NEVER left on time.  I wish there was another choice.  they should just advertise this as a 3am flight and be done with it!!"
"739" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"740" "Flew round trip Haneda - Incheon / Gimpo - Haneda flights.    Overall, good experience.  Service was great, planes were clean, food was better than average.   Only thing to watch out for is that at Haneda, there are no kiosks so expect a long wait to check in / drop off baggage.…"
"741" "Travel to Seoul from Kansai in Asiana airline  Flight was international but no alcohol was served little weird  Economy class seats were little old and tv was very small but okay for 2 -3 hours flight "
"742" "The staff were very friendly and check in was easy. The plane was a bit older and seating a little more cramped than usual. Was a nice flight, meals were good, and the plane was clean. The movie selection was a little old and not so much to choose from for a 9 hour flight. I…"
"743" "Generally, Korean (not \"Korean air\") airlines provide good quality of service. However, I hate \"Korean Air\" because of \"Nut rage incident\". The boss is still doing her job, and the crew, who did right thing, was demoted. So, between Korean air and Asiana, I'd rather choose…"
"744" "a380 asiana business smartium what ever is...not too clean and my stewardess is look angery.....my partner which seat next to me stewardess she was very experience..from seoul i fly to singapore round trip....bad experience also dirty plane....asiana air always delay.....i had…"
"745" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"746" "As family we were moving from Almaty to Shanghai. There were several airline options. Air Asiana had the best prices. I did not fly Air Asiana in the last 15 years. But as it became a Star Alliance member I trusted and bought this airline. Flights were on time. It was very…"
"747" "I like to fly with Asiana Airlines when I get the chance. Their flights are usually affordable and have great food and entertainment choices."
"748" "I flew from Incheon International airport (ICN) to San Francisco, CA (SFO) in Business Class and had an excellent experience. Service is top notch and they make you feel like you're sitting in a five-star hotel. Seats are comfortable and you can lie down flat on the seats. Food…"
"749" "First time flying with this airline and with a group of 16 from Los Angeles to Manila, Philippines with stopover in Incheon, South Korea. Seats were comfortable, service was very good, and meals served were very good too! Airline had good entertainment options which helped in…"
"750" "A real pleasure to use Asiana Air.  The employees assigned to meet me at the gate were outstanding. They helped with my carry on bag, wheel chair, and got me through all the security and to my check-in location for Asiana Air. When it was time to travel to my designated gate. …"
"751" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"752" "This airline is a favorite on my 3rd trip with Asiana.  I flew to Sydney, Australia via Seoul and had 6 hours of sleep on each flight, arriving in Sydney well rested.  The cabin flight attendants couldn’t be any more accommodating.  I asked that my lamb chops be done medium rare…"
"753" "Decided to try Asiana, having flown BA (3 times, average) and Finnair (once, good). Very impressed (hard though it is to be impressed flying economy). New A350 better than any similar sized plane I've flown before (and no shortage of overhead locker space). But the best thing is…"
"754" "I hate the business cheap saving seats that cramp your feet so they get a few more seats in business.. No 1st class on this run. Service was marginal. Korean lunch was great. Then rationed wine even though we could not sleep in seats. finally another meal 12 hr later before…"
"755" "When I first booked the flight with Asiana Airlines, I thought it would be some cheap and low fare airline (why I don’t know). That was just not the case. Service was top notch and the comfort was amazing - even in economy class. And this is from a 183 cm tall girl. Even on…"
"756" "From check in to completion of trip a good experience. Good flights, sufficient space, attentive service, almost on time. A delay arriving in Seoul and a delay on return, but both less than one hour. Good attention to safety issues and happy efficient flight crew. Check in staff…"
"757" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"758" "I am a 77 year old seasoned traveler with minor pulmonary problems. My wife and I were returning home after a trip to Bali and cruise to Australia. We were flying from Sydney ( FL.602) to Seoul and then onto LAX (204) on 2/9/2018. The flight left Sydney almost 1.5 hours late, no…"
"759" "The Business lounge in London was shared, but ok. The flight service was a bit strange, I don't think the flight attendants have enough training on serving drinks..the mix of cocktails etc. but they are very keen to please. Food excellent. Seat, amenities all as you'd expect…"
"760" "Loved the Business Class seats I had, make the 18 Hr. trip comfortable, don't think I would have done it any other way. The aircraft was pretty cool, sat in the upper desk area of the plane...would definitely fly again. I totally recommend this airlines."
"761" "Great airline.  All attendant very nice and polite and behaved as if they were happy to see us on their plan.  Very unlike US airlines who act like you are lucky to be there.  Service great, food average service excellent   Prices great.   Flight was geo nyc the app would not…"
"762" "My family took 4 flights with Asiana Airlines between Japan to Cambodia (via Korea).  We requested two vegetarian meals and two childrens meals.  On ALL FOUR flights we received the same tasteless eggplant, very dry tomatoes and rice.  The quality of the `so-called-meal` would…"
"763" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"764" "OK first of all, this is a 13 hour flight lets get that out of the way.  The fight was full. Next, this airlines understand that their customers come first.  Stewardess where great friendly respectful they all speak English and they are funny too.  The comfort was very good…"
"765" "In general, the service and flight was very good. The stewardesses are very polite and beautiful. The baggage had no damage. I could watch some good recent movies. The only disadvantage that during a flight from Incheon to Narita we have served with hotdog from pork. When we…"
"766" "I got bumped to Business Class for my flight from ICN to BKK. This is actually my first time ever I got upgraded from economy to business. I have been with Singapore a couple of years and been with United for a long time and I even have their credit card and never got upgraded.…"
"767" "I bought $505/person roundtrip tickets from Seattle Wa USA to Manila Philippines. I started getting nervous couples days before our flight. My friend who was also flying asiana told me that his flight was delayed and he had to spend the night at Korea. My layover in Korea was…"
"768" "First time travelling with Asiana Airlines, but very impress.  I like the decoration color of the cabin, earth tone, simple, but feel like home.  The toilet was kept clean all through the flight.  I asked for extra pillows, some drinks, food choices and travelling tips.  Air…"
"769" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"770" "I have used this airline twice now to get to and from work.  First flight was okay, but they still need a lot of work.  The crew is quite aggressive almost power trippy in the air.   They forget who are the customers and who is paying for their wages!!!  I found them to be quite…"
"771" "The service is top notch. They wait on you hand and foot (they even put my slippers on me!) The meals are better than average and they are constantly coming around to ask if they want a beverage. Their service is always done with a genuine smile. The flight was smooth and…"
"772" "I flew from Hanoi to Incheon Airport before heading off to Sydney. This was probably hands down one of the best airlines I've had the pleasure of travelling with.  Service:  From check-in  to in-flight service, the staff and attendants were so courteous and respectful and would…"
"773" "What a pleasure to take a long flight (SFO to MNL) in such a comfortable atmosphere.  Not only did the flight leave on time the seats were comfy, with enough leg room to stretch.  The food was good.  They offer Korean cuisine and a continental cuisine.  However, I did get ill…"
"774" "I flew close to 2 million miles with various airlines. Oz203 was my first experience on A380. I felt taxing took a little too long but found out that A380 took off so quietly. Dinner with a good selection of wine was so good.  The best part of the flight was a comfortable flat…"
"775" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"776" "Nino Aquino as an airport is irritating to deal with. The lounge was old and small. The food choices were not that great either, thankfully when you board the plane, things get better. Older aircraft and so is the cabin. Food and service was good, but the limited entertainment…"
"777" "My wife and I flew from LAX in Los Angeles to Sydney, Australia via this airlines and it was an amazing experience. The quality of service that we experienced was excellent and we thoroughly enjoyed flying with this superior airline. We chose to fly business class due to the…"
"778" "Pretty much nothing bad can be written about this journey.  Outbound B777 to Seoul, A320 on the short haul flight to CRK. Food ok, cabin crews really polite and helpful.   Inbound journey on A380 to Frankfurt, pretty much standard.   Entertaining system on board of all planes,…"
"779" "Efficient reasonable price and let you change the return day one time. One thing I do not like is the Air Bus A380 takes forever to load and unload passenger, lucky that they transfer to a smaller 777 to Hanoi. We experienced AirBUS 380 unload baggage when we go back to the US,…"
"780" "A pleasant and comfortable flight,  full entertainment system on seat back, But the most weird food possible.  (we have previously travelled extensively world-wide, and especially throughout the Far-East, and love Chinese, Thai, Philippines, and other  east Asian food,  but this…"
"781" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"782" "Asiana airlines has Surprisingly bigger planes and more leg room even in economy. The crew was attentive, food is warm and one can tell they are not trying to  save on food. They are by far the cheapest option even on short, last minute booking."
"783" "Very attentive service, choices of western or Korean meals. I am 6' 1\" and 200 lbs. and I had enough legroom, seats were wide enough."
"784" "Friendly service and great food. We had bad weather, and rough flight, but all staffs were very professional and kept smile on their face."
"785" "Nothing special. Just a normal economy flight fro Korea to Australia. Service was fine, flight attendants were nice and polite. Food was average but what plane isn't average at best unless your in business or first class."
"786" "My flight departed Incheon on time.  The aircraft was an old 747, the seating was thread bare.  In flight service was meh for a 5 h flight.  Flight was supposed to arrive in Saigon at 22:40.  At 22:10, the captain announced the flight was on final approach.  Landed (late) at…"
"787" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"788" "4hours delay, but they didn't explain well why the flight was delayed. There were three different reasons of the delay, I don't know what is the truth. The staff was not professional and ignored my question about delay."
"789" "They use the airbus 330 for this flight. The food is horrible this service is even more so in the seats even more so again. Use this airline on there A380 only otherwise avoid them like the plague. Planes are Old rundown and disgusting. You think you’re going to sleep on that…"
"790" "Great airline. There’s a reason why they have 5*. Fantastic service with smiling stewardesses :) probably best economy plane I’ve ever had. They have choices of Korean or Western menu.good choice of drinks. Absolutely fantastic entertainment system. I wold fly with them again!"
"791" "Overall we love this airline. Good planes, prices, food, and great service. On our last trip, however, huge problem. A tobacco Nazi of a stewardess WRONGFULLY accused me of smoking on the flight. IF I were actually a smoker I may have taken less offense. (how would one get away…"
"792" "I flew from Sydney to Seoul for a one night layover before flying to Seattle the next day and then the airline arranged  for a quality hotel in Seoul with 3 meals and transfers for $100 per night.  The economy service and food was the best I have ever had.  The best part of the…"
"793" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"794" "I travelled just before Christmas, the price was good.  New aircraft, good legroom and comfy seats and this flight includes an overnight stay in Seoul with dinner and breakfast in a modern hotel.  Asiana staff are efficient and polite.  Choice of films could be better."
"795" "We forgot one piece of luggage at luggage carousel at CDG airport. Next day I called to customer service line to check where can I find my bag. They took my phone number and never came back with answer. I whote on aircompany facebook page and they told me to write email. Nobody…"
"796" "I flew with 13months son, who is bigger than 2 year old, and I bought a seat for him. When I contact Airline Reservation office, I found out that they offer baby car seat for free on US router. I didn't have to carry anything for my son and he rested in car while sleep and eat.…"
"797" "It was my first real trip to Seoul & Busan (spent a day in Seoul enroute to Hawaii some yrs back) Flew Asiana instead of my usual SQ. Food on board not impressive. Seat was fine. Asiana was stingy with baggage limit & insisted we repack even tho 1 of our baggage was a mere 1 kg…"
"798" "it was my first real trip to Seoul & Busan (we had a 1 full day enroute to hawaii many years ago). instead of my usual SQ we took Asiana. it was my first & last ill ever fly Asiana. Seoul's a place for eating & shopping but Asiana was stingy & strict with their baggage limit.…"
"799" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"800" "First time with Asiana and was not disappointed! The aircraft was clean en during the whole 10 hours HI stop over to Incheon, SKorea. The stewardesses were courteous, the food was ok! But movies and music were very limited:("
"801" "I've never flown Asiana before, but I believe I will fly them again! The seats were comfortable and had more leg room than most airlines. It actually seemed as if I had paid the extra $80 or so for the preferred seating, but it was simply their higher standard for economy…"
"802" "A long fly can be really difficult, specially if the seat in economy are vary small and not to much space for your leg . But let me tell you about this company. Asiana airline have the best economy seat ever !! So much leg space and the seat is nice and comfortable not to small…"
"803" "with excellent cabin services and a fully reclining seat I was in heaven .. what a shame it was not for longer .. good food and comfy , "
"804" "From the moment we stepped on board until we left the plane this was a first class experience. The flight attendants were helpful and kind, the cabin was clean and as comfortable as a plane can be for 12-13 hours. I hope I have the good fortune to fly Asiana Airlines again in…"
"805" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"806" "We’ve travelled with numerous and flew for one for 15 years so we’ve sampled first and business travel both as passengers and passengering crew members. I have no hesitation in saying Asisna rates above most and equal with the very best.  The cabin was light airy and spacious…"
"807" "Asians uses the A380-800 for the flight from Frankfurt to Seoul. Great, comfortable plane. The choice of colors seems a bit old fashioned but that might be just me. Really friendly crew and good food."
"808" "This was the least torture I've had on a 13 hour coach flight.  We got a lot of leg room at the bulkhead, and I used a neck pillow for the first time."
"809" "The flight was like a high school lunch room.Many of the fellow passengers, were like screaming at each other in their conversations. The flight attendants that I had to converse with had such heavy accents, I could not understand them. One gal had to repeat herself five times,…"
"810" "Excellent airline...clean, comfortable seats, good leg room.  We changed planes in Seoul.   A meal was served on each segment of the flight even though they were only 2 hours."
"811" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"812" "One of best airline located s.korea. good service!! Crews are really kind and helpful. You should try this airline. Good service safe clean. I am always happy with this asiana. Thank you for good service :)  "
"813" "I would like to amend my prior review “not bad but being picky” My trip to Tokyo late last year I said the lay flat seats were not perfect.  However on my current trip to Hong Kong I found that this flight using the A388 was more comfortable. It did lay flat and the foot space…"
"814" "Have been flying Asiana to and from and intra Asia since 2011 mostly in their transpacific A380 metal. Usually great service, very good food, and they do have port wine (unlike JAL) which is my favorite libation. In-flight entertainment options are also very good and so are…"
"815" "We mainly chose Asiana as it was significantly cheaper than other airlines even with an Economy Smartium upgrade.  Exceeded expectations. Excellent service, particularly from the flight crew. Good food, both the vegan and Korean options.  Decent facilities at Incheon for the…"
"816" "I flew from Chicago Ohare airport (ord) to Manila Philippines. We connected through Inchon Airport. A few weeks before flying out of Chicago I ordered a Fruit Platter as a special meal. Asiana Airlines provides this free of cost. This is a great choice. You get fresh cut fruit…"
"817" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"818" "Never heard of Asiana Airlines until we booked a return flight London to Sydney, and as there was 17hour stop over on return we received a complimentary hotel stay in Seoul.  Note - when you get back to Seoul you will not know your hotel until you get to the Asiana desk, get…"
"819" "The checkin was convenient and fast. The cabin was clean. Minimal service. The seats were comfortable and well spaced. Low cost."
"820" "I flew to Shanghai via Soul from SFO last December. Very good service and the food was excellent too."
"821" "Asiana Airlines is one of my favourite airlines, because the in flight service is always excellent. The whole night they flight attendants go around with drinks. Never seen this frequency with other airllines. The transit in Seoul is excellent, because it is never too crowded…"
"822" "My husband I were very lucky to be upgraded to Business clasd on the flight from SYD to ICN. The Airbus 380 was quite spacious & I loved how we could lie back completely. The flight attendants were very professional & pleasant. The meals were great & loved their wine list. A…"
"823" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"824" "On this time I got prepared. I brought with me warm clothes its socks and sweater its a must if you don't want to get cold. Also I ordered online food because flight is long enough, on road its important to have a meal. and I brought a neck pillow these three will have you enjoy…"
"825" "Pay attention that hotel availability if you stay overnight is not the case which means that you will have to stay pretty much 24 hours at the airport.  Avoid Asiana for European and Asian directions."
"826" "Excellent on board service by attendants and also by airport staff. Superb quality of food and the aircraft maintained in impeccable conditions. One final comment, the temperature of the cabin was too warm to the point of mild discomfort, I noticed this also on the flight from…"
"827" "This flight was one of 4 I have recently taken with Asiana. Without exception the in-flight service I received was excellent and left BA, for instance, following far far behind. Full flat seating, really edible and individual food, wines etc, very very polite and attentive cabin…"
"828" "We used Asiana Airlines to get to Japan (via Seoul) for two reasons. These were cost and timings of flights. As long haul flights go it was comfortable enough, although there was blocks under every other seat in places, meaning leg room was poor on one leg. This is not good for…"
"829" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"830" "We flew Business class from LAX for not too much more on Asiana.  Great service on airplane, but in South Korea airport to transfer could be problematic.  We had just 60 min to transfer to Bangkok.  They make you go through security again which is about 20 min walk from gates. …"
"831" "The take off and landing of the flight was perfect. The flight attendants were helpful.   It would be better if the pilot could turn off the lights in the cabin as it was an overnight flight and passengers would like to take a rest.  There could also be more varieties of movies…"
"832" "Pros - I like the seats, particularly the 'honeymoon seats' for travelling with kids. Comfy. - I liked being able to gate check prams - this is a big deal in my world - Flight attendants were very responsive   Cons - Asiana seems to heat their planes to uncomfortably hot as a…"
"833" "This my chance to fly on a A380 from LAX to TYO via Incheon. I though this huge plane would have some extra special features in Business class.  Business is upstairs so it’s a different entrance and exit door which is nice.  Surprisingly the cubicles are about the same size as…"
"834" "I took the Asiana Airline from Singapore to Seoul on a early morning flight. The departure time was punctual. On the flight the airline stewardess were polite and hardworking. Any requests they are able to respond quite promptly. The foods and drinks and ok with me. When we…"
"835" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"836" "We have never flown Asiana airlines and bottom line we were underwhelmed by the service and the quality of Business Class. The cabin was dated and didn't seem that clean, the staff seemed a little inconsistent and the food was terrible. We never expect great food on an airline…"
"837" "Flight Seul-Rome 13 hrs: old aircraft, no charge for phone, entertainment only in english (ok, good) or korean/chineese. I ask for no lactose meal due to my lactose intollerance, they told me “so sorry we forgot”..13 hrs eating nuts. NEVER AGAIN"
"838" "On our 2nd time going home to Manila we took business class because of my mom and we needed a lavatory that can fit 2 people so i can be with her inside and didn’t regret paying a bit because she was comfortable during our 15 hrs flight.  it was the best experience we ever had.…"
"839" "I came across this airline when researching flights to Sydney last February. I had never heard of them as I usually book with BA. The price was ridiculously low, effectively two for the price of one compared with BA and others. With a little trepidation I set off. The first leg…"
"840" "I am writing this on behalf of my fiancee who i booked on asiana in december. I asked her was fight ok and for a person who's longest trip before was 2 hrs she was very happy with her experience  with asiana flying to korea first then waiting 4 or 5 hrs in  airport for…"
"841" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"842" "WOW, WOW, WOW! Asiana absolutely delivered to my best economy tastes. The legroom was AMAZING! There was about 5 or 6 of my palms between my legs and the seatback pocket. There was no meal, that I can understand on a 45min flight, a wide variety of drinks were there for your…"
"843" "First time we flew with Asiana Airlines. Loads of room, great movies and delicious food. Our flight was only a short one but very comfortable. The flight attendants were friendly and spoke very good English which helped. We would definitely recommend this airline."
"844" "First time to fly with Asiana. Did not pay much much attention to this airline until they offered deeply discounted rates. I flew from Manila to Istanbul via Incheon. Flights were on time, cabin crew were attentive and courteous. I found the meals surprisingly palatable. Cabin…"
"845" "We flew our initial flight to ICN on a 777-200 from SEA, then our connecting flight to DEL on an a330-300.  While both aircraft were older, and fairly worn interior-wise, that issue was the only thing the two flights seemed to have in common other than the chaos that seemed to…"
"846" "Had a great flight experience while flying to seoul. Crew was extremely courteous and helpful. Journey was comfortable.  Flight entertainment didn't have much choice for Hindi channels."
"847" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"848" "Good flight helpful crew and good food with time to sleep on 22 hour flight.  Arrived at final destination rested as could be after that long a flight"
"849" "The service was good, seats reasonably comfortable for economy class. The entertainment choices were only fair - lots of second-tier movies. Planes were older but were clean. Food was reasonably good but definitely not great. We ended up missing our connecting flight in Seattle…"
"850" "this is my second time flying with asiana. for one, there were very limited flights going to lax from clark. first thing you'll notice when you book from clark is that there are longer waiting hours for the lay over at incheon compared to when you're coming from manila. not sure…"
"851" "My wife and I sat in the center 2 seats. It was a huge seat and enormous monitor screen. Very private and comfortable. The service was outstanding. Our only criticism is the lack of variety and selections in the inflight entertainment."
"852" "This is a flight from Nagoya and then to Seoul before to Hong Kong included connecting flight. The whole journey take me over 12 hours to arrive destination, because long waiting time for connecting flight at Seoul. Even worst is that the flight departing time keep changing in…"
"853" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"854" "I obtained a business class ticket on points for a trip from Europe to Tokyo in fall 2017 and decided to split the journey up with a short stopover in Seoul. Even before boarding the plane I was struck by Asiana's dated and largely unusable website, with its requirement for…"
"855" "Flew from Sg-Seoul & Return and also Seoul-Jeju, pleasant flight with good korean cuisines, crew was friendly and attentive, legroom on board was good for economy, inflight system though only had a few shows... could have been improved so much more..."
"856" "I was lucky enough to be given seat 1a with the note it was still business class food. They did not disappoint. Food and service was great. Seat was very good, private and large. Will fly like this again"
"857" "It was more than good for a short international flight. The cabin crew was very polite and nice. Food was average and the business cabin is a classic A321 not good not bad. Boarding team was a bit unpolite and seen a bit bored."
"858" "Fair airline. Qantas was much better. Nonsense once again about being able to book seats for an extra charge. Don’t do it online, don’t bother.Avoid aisle seats. "
"859" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"860" "I was one of the luck Star alliance gold members who was upgraded from Economy first to Business at Check-in and subsequently to first class while boarding. The whole process of upgrade was very neutral and positive and it feels nice to win an upgrade. I think for that week…"
"861" "Excellent service and food was over the top very good.Always attentive  staff, and plenty of room to move about. The entire floor was set aside for business class, on the new a380. Largest airplane in world. even the economy had plenty of room. the only problem was landing in…"
"862" "I had never flown Asiana Airlines before so I was not sure about them. WOW ! Are they ever terrific! Our flight from Sydney-Seoul-Los Angeles was excellent. The service was superb = like flying Pam AM in the '60s. The food was wonderful, the plane brand new and roomy and the…"
"863" "Service was average, meals are just as every airline has,but their schedules are very very bad!!! Their flights are often delayed so the connecting flight gap time is so short that they would divert us to San Francisco then to Seattle. Instead of arriving in Seattle at 11am we…"
"864" "My girlfriend who lives in Russia was going to Saigon from 3 months so we decided to meet as Visa is you can get on line. Checked fares and Asiana had the best prices and read good reviews. For long haul flights fly business. In every process from check-in, boarding, in-flight…"
"865" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"866" "So... never heard of Asiana Airlines before this... found some super cheap flights from Sydney to London via Seoul and decided to have a night stopover in Seoul along the way. Here’s my thoughts on Asiana if your thinking of doing the same...  Pre flight  Booked and paid online…"
"867" "I have never experienced  the awful service starting with booking my seat on any airline domestic or international.   I am an older traveler who is temporarily  disabled which really shouldn't have anything to do with it but anyway I flew the 380 with the 1 2 1 seating.  I…"
"868" "It was our first experience flying with Asiana Airlines from Seoul to Sydney. The day we flew was the first day of winter in Korea and the heavy snow was falling on our way to the airport. We actually have chosen our desired seats before we departed from Sydney 2 weeks ago but…"
"869" "..Really Good!!. Plane is in pretty good condition, food is great!, staff is very attentive and always taking care of business, services are always clean! (That is a Plus), the only downside I found was...entertainment options!, unless you are fluently speaking Korean, you'll…"
"870" "Second leg of a Heathrow - Sydney flight, this deserves a separate review as the aircraft and cabin is, in my opinion, much nicer and has more modern and updated feeling, although the seats/ beds themselves are much the same as the Boeing 777, as is the service and food and…"
"871" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"872" "This flight had a stop over at Incheon Airport.  I was actually glad to have chosen Asiana for the reason that its layover is in Incheon Airport.  That airport is very good especially for long layovers.  I did not go for the free transit tours and instead just settled to stay at…"
"873" "Why am I paying for pains? There are 4 things that I am deeply disappointed with Asiana Airline.   1. Numerous delays: 3 times. I had to cancel my Saturday dinner appointment. But it's okay. It could happen.  2. The world worst customer service at the counter: I and my wife's…"
"874" "On the B777-200ER from New York to Seoul lasting more than 13 hours, the flight was smooth, the attendants were friendly, the seats were comfortable and had enough leg space. Very clean, spacious, mostly quiet except for one child having certain reactions at times (and the…"
"875" "Long flight very good, but many shorter flights have old planes.  Service is good. Food is normal airline quality.. On short distances normally no entertainment system or only over head with some random programs running. With that said it's possible to find good prices tickets…"
"876" "HND to ICN 2h 20min.Relax and comfortable. ICN to IST is long fright but I could watch many good movies and I took delicious Korean food at this fright."
"877" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"878" "Been flight with Koreanair mostly.  but Asian has good price compare to Koreanair and seat was very comportable."
"879" "I had no problems checking in online a few days before flight, everything went smooth. Good check in at counter desk. Flight was good with a meal provided, drinks hot and cold handed out."
"880" "Much improvement on the food being served not dry as before so enjoyed the meals Korean style all the way thru for my first segment! Overall, there are three segments, luckily, only three hours delayed so it was feasible. No signage on arrival at the airport since the delay of…"
"881" "1st time to use Asiana Airline. The service is very good and foods serve is open unlike with other airlines company that appears there is a limitation for meals and snacks were not all the way serve but one have to buy or purchase food.  With Asiana we got free snacks and meals…"
"882" "First time flying with Asiana and I'll have to say it was a solid experience, flying business class on an international flight.  Considering my return trip back to the U.S.A was on American Airlines in business class, Asiana beat out the service of AA.  Though I found Asiana to…"
"883" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"884" "Flight was great but had a significant problem when checking in at Seattle.  Philippine immigration requires a return or onward ticket to be allowed entrance to Philippines. This can be a pain  but its the law and you have to obey it.  When I arrived at Asiana  counter I showed…"
"885" "Amazing flight from Korea to Germany with a large and modern plane (A388). Long trip but with all we can expect from good professionals with excelent entertainment"
"886" "This was my first flight between Asian countries and I was a little nervous because of all the talk that you hear about the seats being smaller and what not. But the seats were actually very comfortable, the food was delicious and the staff were very courteous. They provided me…"
"887" "I could hardly believe the line of people for this aircraft - it took a long time to get everyone on.  Once on, everything looked a bit dated and the entertainment screen resolution was so poor that I did not bother with it.  However, seat comfort and leg room were adequate for…"
"888" "Excellent service is what they provide very similar to Cathay Pacific's except the stewardesses are not so conversant in English. Food is excellent, a choice between western and Asian. Wine selection is very good. The suite is simple and understated unlike Emirates' over the top…"
"889" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"890" "The service was good, the air stewardess are all friendly and polite. Korean bibimbap was good, served with hot seaweed soup. "
"891" "Found this flight while searching online for a Hong Kong trip. Our goal was to get a direct flight but the options were very expensive so went with Asiana connecting through Seoul. It was one of the best Star Alliance flights I took in recent years. The price was great with…"
"892" "I was mesmerized by the Korean beauty and elegance of their plane. If you are a kpop fan like me and riding on their flagship airline is really something else, PLUS, their food is really good. The space and atmosphere is right to an Asian passenger like me."
"893" "I always sit on an isle seat. never have a problem getting one.  Flight attendants have always been very friendly and helpful.  I fly with them every 5 months."
"894" "Recently flew round trip to Sydney, Australia from Los Angeles in business class on the Airbus A380-800. The flight was great, cruising around 40,000 feet at about 640 mph. The inflight service was excellent. The flight attendants were very professional yet courteous. Their…"
"895" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"896" "I've ridden this airline a few times and have always been pleased with the service and space given for economy class. I wish I could say the food tasted good, but I hardly eat on airlines. However, the people around me on Asiana have always eaten all of their food if that helps.…"
"897" "the 380-800 is one of the nicest planes of them all ,flown all of them over last 10 years,the most spacious bathroom with nice ammenties,the lounge are nearby,and business class upstairs cant be beat,gong again on thhe same flight in sept,same airlinnes,only think asiana dropped…"
"898" "Have flown Asiana a number of times and have always been satisfied with their service.  I need assistance boarding and debarking, a service which is always there and efficient.  I will be returning to JFK mid next year and have already made my booking with Asiana.  Their prices…"
"899" "The inflight service was very good! Stewardesses were very attentive to my needs. The food was delicious. And the wines selection excellent.."
"900" "Good cancellation and change flight policies and friendly flight attendants.  Seats were comfy and flight was on time."
"901" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"902" "My husband and I have been flying Asiana to the US since 2015. They have consistently great service and their loyalty points program is felt as a customer. On our second roundtrip flight, we went up to Gold status and our bag allowance was increased. Also, they gave us coupons…"
"903" "We had an excellent flight. The service was faultless, polite and friendly. The food and wine selection was very good and the seats very comfortable. One of the nicest planes too, an A380 800 which Asiana are now using on their Sydney route. Would definitely fly with Asiana…"
"904" "Decided to fly via Asiana since it has a flight from Clark which is very near our home. Though it has a long lay over in Incheon, you may use the pay lounges to sleep and eat. For the Incheon- LAX flight they have the new A380; it has wider leg room and very clean including the…"
"905" "Limited food range, limited entertainment programs; beautiful and handsome cabin crews, some providing friendly service, some not so."
"906" "Some years ago, I used to ride Asiana because of the wonderful service they offer on board. While this has diminished a little, together with their amenities, I still feel that it has something good to offer. The flight itself is uneventful. Food was average. The seat are not…"
"907" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"908" "I took a flight to Korea in the middle of the night from Hanoi, It took about 4 hours to flight. The seat was really comfortable. The amazing thing was there was power outlet to charge my phone during a long flight. Pilot was really amazing. It was a really nice taking off and…"
"909" "Great crew, very clean and well maintained aircraft.  Good in flight food.  Excellent service.  I will definitely fly Asiana again!"
"910" "The airplane ride was smooth until we got closer to Seoul and it was bumpy and rough. The food (BiBimBap) was okay, but not as good as the year before.  The stewardesses were attentive, always smiling and friendly.  The bathrooms needs additional cleaning since the under portion…"
"911" "Comfortable seating, attentive and courteous cabin crew. Selection of food and beverages limited. In flight Entertainment extremely limited."
"912" "The flight was full but the seats were comfortable - decent leg room.  The food - esp the Korean selections were very good.   Nice amenties such as over the ear head set and tooth brushes.   the blankets were also soft and large.  It is a long haul but I would fly with Asiana…"
"913" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"914" "Pre-flight, things look precarious as I wasn't able to assign seat online until online check-in the night prior to the flight; and the call center was constantly busy when I called for seat assignment earlier. Arriving at FRA 4 hours before flight time, there was no one at the…"
"915" "WE had a very pleasant, on time , experience with Asiana Air.  THe seats were comfortable,and the food was very good. Nothing to do airline food jokes about.  As opposed to other flights we have made to the Philippines on other airlines,which were terribly late at every leg."
"916" "The flight involved a lay-over at Inchon Airport,South Korea. Due to my height, flying Economy class for long hours(in this case,about 12-13 to Korea alone and then another 4 to the Philippines) provides a level of discomfort that does not allow for a restful trip. In contrast,…"
"917" "Cheapest possible economy flight but same smooth service.  I love the Korean food but there are alternatives on offer.  Stop over at Seoul Airport allows just enough time for a walk around the airport to keep the circulation going before the long flight to LA."
"918" "High quality service, everyone, counter people, agents, flight attendants showed high levels of professionality when customers got disgruntled and they took very kind care of me and my service dog. Great meals also."
"919" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"920" "Superior aircraft, superior suite, great food choices, really friendly, smiling cabin crew.  Highly recommend."
"921" "In these days of crappy flying experiences this was a treat.  On Asiana's A 380 Economy class we felt far better than on any Air Canada Business class flight. The huge plane divided into smaller sections, each with its own galley, washrooms and attendants. Lot's of leg room,…"
"922" "After a fabulous month in Vietnam, I got ready to check in my Asian flight for some time in Australia with my family.  I was advised there would be baggage fees, and I said, \"Fine, I was careful to weigh my bags, and they weigh less than 50 pounds\". I was then informed that…"
"923" "Having flown Economy HNL-Seoul-Delhi on the way out and being perfectly satisfied with the transportation but underwhelmed by the warmth of the in-flight service, we were luck enough to upgraded to Business for the Seoul-Honolulu leg.  Coming after a 7-hour layover in the…"
"924" "This was my first flight with Asiana, and I would not hesitate to use them again. Check in was quick, and airline lounge facilities comfortable and well stocked with food, drink and hot showers if needed. The flight itself was smooth, on time, and comfortable: the lay-flat beds…"
"925" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"926" "First Class service on Asiana Airlines is truly First Class! I was impressed first by the very clear diction and slow, calm speech of the English speaking person who announced the flight. There was NO problem understanding what was being said, as can often be the case during…"
"927" "Cheapest flight available at the time, but next time I will spend more, and take a different airline. No one speaks English, the food is less than appetizing, and the service was mediocre at best. The headset did not work so the entertainment was useless."
"928" "Has not flown Asiana before but would definitely use this airline again.  Terrific service, good in-flight entertainment options and better than average airline food.  Food choices offered included both Korean and Western.  Korean dinner was terrific! Breakfast included standard…"
"929" "On a recent trip from California to Vietnam we flew Asiana Airlines in business class from Los Angeles to Seoul and then a connection to Hanoi.  The flight to Seoul was aboard the Airbus 380- itself a wonderful aircraft.   The in-flight experience was one of the best we have…"
"930" "We could actually sleep on the overnight flight home.  Asiana still gives enough legroom in economy class to allow comfort on a long, 10-hour flight.  The service was also excellent."
"931" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"932" "We have been flying with Asiana quite a few times so far, and every time our flights were smooth and easy, the crew always at your ready needs, very nice and amiable , but on the sorry note I would say that for westerners the food is not at par... On a long flight there is a…"
"933" "Yes the business class had good seats of course but the attendants were not that friendly and I was quite surprised. When coming back, the attendants were more kind and I was in economy!   I asked for a bottle of water and some mouthwash but they said water could be served only…"
"934" "The service is excellent and food was better than other airline's economy meals. It was very clean and they provided extra amenities such as slippers, toothbrushes/toothpaste, moisturizer, etc.. my only complaint is that the chairs are not as comfortable during a 13 hour flight.…"
"935" "A380 from NY to Seoul; A321 from Seoul to Tokyo.  Wonderful service throughout, good inflight entertainment, fairly good food and a comfortable seat on the A380.   On the A380 I highly recommend selecting a seat closest to the window which leaves an arm rest between you and the…"
"936" "Long flight but in Business you get your \"egg\" that can go horizontal and you get real sleep. Meals great, Flight attendants look after you really well."
"937" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"938" "Flight left on time and the service on board was good. If you are Gold Star Alliance the Asiana Lounge is available to you, but it is barely worth the trek to find it. A Place to sit down is about all it has."
"939" "I like this airline, but I never flew economy before on Asians, and the difference is vast. Still, the Korean hospitality and dedication to serve is there, attention to detail is there, but...it feels like many other airlines nothing special "
"940" "Chose to travel with Asiana because I found an excellent deal on the flight, and overall was very pleased with my first experience. The service was great, the staff was friendly, the flight was on time, and drinks were offered frequently. The first meal was excellent, I chose…"
"941" "I cannot thank Asiana Airlines enough for their exceptional service. Flying across the world alone with a 2 year old and a 4 month old is no simple task, but they certainly made is easier. They were there to help from start to finish. From the minute I got my boarding passes to…"
"942" "The ASIANA BUSINESS CLASS experience to Seoul was much much better than BRITISH AIRWAYS FIRST CLASS for less than half their price.  Only criticism  - the video selections were poor."
"943" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"944" "А!!!: We flew from Seoul to Hong Kong in Economy class by the legendary Boeing 747-400, which was over 20 years old. The cabin though was in perfect condition, and clean. Departure was on time, arrival too. Service - at a high level. I will not say that there is something…"
"945" "We flew with Asiana again via Sth Korea in September. This airline would have to be one of the best for service,seats/beds & quality of their food. Whilst it takes longer to take this route to Los Angeles it is well worth it. It beats most of the others."
"946" "A380 from Los Angeles to Seoul - clean, food quite good, service excellent, cabin attendants' English was poor.  Seat pitch was OK for me (I have long legs), rather thn other carriers where my knees hit the seat ahead. The A380 was not any better than any other type of aircraft,…"
"947" "The service was  good overall, but not exceptional by any means. The staff of the airline, both cabin crew and airport staff, have a very limited command of English and communicating is difficult unless you speak Korean. The food, although prepared and presented nicely is…"
"948" "Asiana Airline is a good rating airline in terms of international survey but the passessger experience is so so. the Crew sometimes is least bother about any medical emergency if any passenger needs help. Firstly some of the crew hardly understand English. may be they know…"
"949" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"950" "The service needs improvement. No pre dinner drink service just a mad rush to feed you and turn the lights out. Movie selection very limited unless you like violence and killing."
"951" "The service is inexistent. They don't even offer water.  The chairs are terrible. They charge a lot for a suitcase. Honestly its the worst airplane I had ever boarded.  I know its the cheapest but it does come at a price. I rather pay more and fly with a company that at least…"
"952" "Pre-seating is always a must when I fly and Asiana did not disappoint as I was seated alone in a row of 3 seats. So that left me plenty of room to lie down for a 4 hour flight. I do not usually take my meals onboard, hence, I could not rate on their in-flight service. However,…"
"953" "We were at the asiana transfer desk in incheon airport just now (8am on Monday 30th October 2017) to ask where is the lounge and this guy he said I don't know in a very rude voice and said go ask somewhere else. I approached him nicely and said excuse me can you tell me where…"
"954" "Comfortable flight.  Smooth check in.  Good lounge facilities.  Boarding was smooth.  The plane (A330-300) was wonderfully clean and well maintained. Seats were comfortable with good leg room for economy.  Inflight entertainment OK, but I would have like more choices.  Service…"
"955" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"956" "My first time to fly Asiana.  I was looking forward to experiencing yet another top-rated Asian airline.  It was indeed good, but somehow lacking the warmth and caring of other top-ranked Asian airlines.  The check-in was very smooth and professional.  They use the Eva Air…"
"957" "I am extremely disappointed and dissatisfied with how Asiana Airlines treated my mom and I. I was bringing my dog into London from Osaka via Asiana airlines, as their website suggested, they can bring in the dogs to the passenger seat. Called them prior to buying my flight…"
"958" "I travelled from Seoul to London and back from Paris to Seoul. You really start appreciating Asiana's seats when you fly with LATAM before boarding Asiana's flight. LATAM is cramped with narrow seats cause of their 3-4-3 seats arrangement. Asiana has 3-3-3 which automatically…"
"959" "I had 12 hours of layover at Incheon Airport before my trip to the US, and the layover was really welcome because I had a free tour to several places in South Korea for free! Aside from my free tour, Asiana Airlines serves great tasting Korean food. The pillow, blanket,…"
"960" "I've been to 39 countries in the last 10 years and have flown a ton of miles on a dozen airlines or more. There are some I hate, there are some I tolerate, there are some I like, and there is only one that I love.  Asiana tops the list. It is soooooo much better than any airline…"
"961" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"962" "This airline is my second choice after the Korean Air.   For me the best thing about this airline is that they are part of Star Alliance Club. It seems that Star Alliance is much more useful that other clubs such as Sky Team where Korean Air belongs to.   All in all, the service…"
"963" "Mixed feelings about this airline. The main positive is the efficiency of the staff, we had four flights in total over a 2 week period and on every flight the staff were excellent.  Unfortunately the food was very disappointing, bland and boring.  The in flight entertainment was…"
"964" "Flying from China to Korea doesn't take too much time. Asiana makes the journey more efficient so we can have more time to enjoy Korea. The Korean style beef with rice is quite delicious."
"965" "We took a flight from Beijing to Seoul on a connection to Tokyo. The service was great and we enjoyed great food and in flight entertainment. We were impressed by the airline we had never heard of before and would use them again if we head out to Asia. highly recommend the…"
"966" "It was a short connection from Shanghai Pudong to Incheon Seoul. It was a smooth flight, had enough leg space."
"967" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"968" "I had the travel to Phuket with my mother and daughter from Tokyo to Phuket (Transfer Inchon). And we had suprise!! My son ride same airplane. He came from USA to Phuket (Transfer Inchon). I asked Asiana Airlines that he sit the next seat of us. Asiana Airlines said \"Sure\". We…"
"969" "Flied from Inchon, South Korea to Delhi, India. Seats were in good condition but a little old. Had enough leg room. It had a good collection of movies but the charging plugs attached to the seats were not working. Luckily i had some charge left in my cell phone! Food served on…"
"970" "Took a short connection from Fukuoka to Seoul in business.  There were plenty of lay flat seats for only 5 of us.  The bento was tasty and the flight attendants were courteous and smiling...unlike some other star alliance airlines which I won't bother to mention).  This…"
"971" "Have been an Asiana flyer for twenty years. On my most recent trip from New York to Korea, business class on the A380, my fabric of my new Max Mara dress got ruined from contact with the velcro on the reclining chair. I provided proof of the dress tear and pictures of the seat…"
"972" "They threw away my advance choice of seat.  Long flight: A-380.  Worst aircraft.  You need to be a giant to reach the overhead, not enough restrooms, always lines.  Cebu to Incheon: No wi-fi, no electric plug at seat.  Incheon to JFK: Electric plug, no wi-fi.  Entertainment…"
"973" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"974" "Good airline with clean and modern plane. The service level is good and the air stewardess are very friendly and helpful that provided excellent services on my flight. On flight entertainment system is easy to use with good picture quality."
"975" "First, if you are flying to Asia from the US, avoid US flagged carriers unless... you can afford Business Class (or someone else is paying your fare). Asiana, like every other asian based carrier I have flown, is really good. Unlike US carriers Asiana, actually treats economy…"
"976" "Dissappinted with the seat.  No charger for electronic devices and very dated worn out entertainment system.    Plane was like a sauna when I boarded at Heathrow which was not a very encouraging welcome with 11 hours on board ahead.  Food was inedible but thankfully I'd been…"
"977" "The business lounge in Incheon International Airport was quite cozy and nice. The quality of food being served at the lounge was somehow mediocre. Flight attendants are very attentive and well trained to provide quality service. Shop online and pick up in the plane service was…"
"978" "Having flown a few times with Asiana Airlines recently, this being my first-long haul flight, I have consistently seen excellent customer service, even toward English-speaking passengers. I flew long-haul Heathrow to Seoul, then between Hong Kong and Seoul, and I am looking…"
"979" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"980" "The worst flight of my life,this was one leg of a round trip from Sydney, flying London to Seoul,for an Airline that certainly was not the cheapest we could have found,We flew to london with one bag each and on the return we had one extra bag a small carry on with gifts in, and…"
"981" "In June of 2017 I had spoken with customer service for Asiana Airlines regarding my disability.  I explained per the ADA I would need special accommodation regarding my health issues and that the boarding crew should be made aware.  On my flight home from Seuol to the USA on…"
"982" "Just wondering who were ddiving on this flight!  When the Captain announced about fasten seat belts as there would be a turbulence, the plane was a bit tilt to the left. I understood that this might happen from the bad weather.  However, when the plane was going to land touching…"
"983" "Great airline and very professional and friendly staff- Asian airlines are always great in services. Ok going back to the review- it was a fairly empty flight- had the whole row to myself and dozed off for an hour or so. Crew are very polite and nice- I like their red apron and…"
"984" "Due to delay by Asiana ,arrived in Seoul at 11.30 pm (not 6.30 PM) for complimentary overnight stay, was told by the smiling  Asiana staff  desk that our transport was no longer available as it was so late,and we would  have  to make our own way to hotel,( which was an hour…"
"985" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"986" "This was my first time flying with Asiana airlines. My expectations were minimal.  I did read a lot of reviews though.  The flight itself was very good.  We pretty much just ate, watch movie and sleep.  The flight crew was very nice and they look so cute in their uniform.  The…"
"987" "On the way to Thailand we had managed to upgrade the second leg, the 14hour flight from S. Korea to Bangkok.We had a 2 leg trip on the way back too, Bangkok - Incheon, South Korea and Incheon, South Korea - Toronto. We tried to upgrade on the way back too. But Asiana Air…"
"988" "Outstanding in flight comfort and services. Staff was very polite and caring. Good food and beverages. Excellent ambiance."
"989" "Yep- love this airline. Again, attention to detail with the polite staff who are very professional and know what customer service is. Chief Attendants waits outside to greet and say goodbye to you. People who stand up while the seat belt sign is still on are very politely…"
"990" "The service and attitude of Asiana's flight attendants crew to Korea was far superior than the American Airlines crew on my flight home.  They are never rude and seek to understand and assist you if you can.  I have not flown international in a while, so I was reminded again why…"
"991" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"992" "Really comfortable flight and amazing food (for an airline) if you like Korean dishes. The stop over in Incheon was also fun as there are plenty of food and shopping options on offer. Highly recommended."
"993" "I already came in by Asiana from NRT the same morning. I was satiesfied, and wondering that this flight was even better. There is nothing to claim, just to enjoy."
"994" "This is my first time to fly from Jakarta to Seoul. I had a comfortable flight, the seat was spacious, the breakfast was good, and they even serve sandwich at night. In-flight entertainment was also good. Although I just found out few days before leaving that they only allow one…"
"995" "Staff were very helpful in sorting out my flight with no fuss. It was a pleasure flying with them and I will be using their airline next time."
"996" "Comfortable seats, nice food, courteous flight attendants, plenty of different entretainment options."
"997" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"998" "I always use Asiana Airlines. Their service and facility are very good.  But at this trip plane is too old, small monitor, not good seat.  I wish Asiana Airlines have much newest plane soon, and replace with oldest."
"999" "Asiana is known for its world class service. The flight attendants were very kind and helpful. On-board entertainment was good enough."
"1000" "Overall a really great airline.  The staff are attentive, they're more than happy to help you, they don't constantly run into you like a lot of the Asia airlines and the seats and leg room are good.  The Western film selection was a bit limited on the first leg, but from Seoul…"
"1001" "I am writing this reply completely incensed and thoroughly angry you made this rather rash and assumptive assessment of my posting. And I even booked this flight through TripAdvisor. Not only are you completely wrong instating I copied and pasted this, but that it contains…"
"1002" "One of the gustatory pleasures of having a long haul flight, even though we had this airlines a few years back due to the FA's hospitality and helpfulness. Our booking agency recommended having a Korean carrier because it was cheaper than our local carrier and Korean standard…"
"1003" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1004" "Great experience, friendly service,inded staff, but Asiana needs to upgrade their fleet. To many old planes"
"1005" "Great flight for a great price! The food was delicious (even though there was only one option, unless you requested one in advance), and there were lots of recent movies for the inflight entertainment. I was able to ask for a window seat, and was able to sleep for most of the…"
"1006" "Never bored during 12 hours non-stop flight from US to Seoul. Excellent Services and Entertainment!!!"
"1007" "Double decker airplane. comfortable seats. the food was not up to par  but it was \"decent\" Flight attendants very efficient and courteous.."
"1008" "Flew with Asiana when I moved back home from Japan and because the organization I worked for paid for my flight home (up until a certain price), I decided to try business class for the first time. I have a plethora of back problems so having a lie-flat seat by the window was a…"
"1009" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1010" "I have flown Asiana and a couple other international airlines to/from Asia. While I like them all, Asiana is my favorite. Fantastic and friendly service and good food. Domestic airlines (in the US) do not compare to Asiana at all. If you're going to Asia, I highly recommend this…"
"1011" "A great airline still focusing on quality customer service. Having the electronic check-in at Incheon airport was interesting, but the queue to then drop the bags off was very long. Staff recognised this and diverted some of us into other counters set-up for Asiana, so overall…"
"1012" "The flight itself was comfortable enough for a 10 hour flight but they definitely need to be more organized.  When boarding, there was just one line (first come first serve basis) except for business or first class.  Then during food service, they ran out of one of the dishes so…"
"1013" "Perfect. Nothing to complain. Pretty comfortable. On time. I really enjoyed tracing the flight on the monitor."
"1014" "Going on our anniversary trip to Hochi Min City from Seoul and the seats were comfortable and the staff was great and was a please to ride on this airline and its not the first time I have been on this airline and its nice to see that the standards of service were great compared…"
"1015" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1016" "My flight from LA to Incheon was amazing, mostly due to the lack of people on the plane. This flight was about 2/3 full maybe less and this allowed me to sleep on three seats by myself for a good portion of the flight. The leg room was pretty good sitting next to the window and…"
"1017" "For the past 3 years I have been fortunate enough to have gone to Viet Nam. Each time I have flown with Asiana Airlines, I love the great service. I go from LAX to SGN, Ho Chi Minh City (Saigon) and travel up North and fly out of Ha Noi. The food is GREAT, the service is…"
"1018" "Reasonable prized, good legroom, very good service, overall recommended. (Note: transfer with China Eastern to Shanghai). If you have a transfer (same day) ask for the free city tour (last one around 3 p.m.!) recommended MeuterMedia"
"1019" "This was our third flight with them in 12 months. The plane for the flight between Japan and Seoul seems to be much nicer than the one for the long haul to Paris. There's a USB to charge your phone that isn't usually found on the longer flights. Overall, the service is good and…"
"1020" "It was only a 4 hour flight but I've taken Asiana  before and it surely beats United or any other U.S. carrier for that matter. The planes are newer, the flight attendants friendlier and the food is eatable. I would take this airline as a preferred airline if given a choice."
"1021" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1022" "Asiana is our pick every time when we go to Asia.  We usually fly economy because we are willing to be uncomfortable for a few hours and save a couple of thousand that we can use for something else when we get there.  Economy on Asiana is better than any other we have found and…"
"1023" "Flew the large new Airbus with two levels. On both outbound and inbound flights only a few people in Business Class.  Full flat seats.  I'm 6'2\" so just a smidge too short when full flat. Fair entertainment selection, but enough for the long flight. Excellent food and service.…"
"1024" "This wasn't my first time flying on Asiana, I flew last year and had a great flight and again this year. The staff are always pleasant and helpful. The plane is always clean and comfortable. The food was good but can use improvement. In flight movies are good, the music…"
"1025" "Airline is always punctual. service and food always good. seats are comfortable. baggage is processed promptly. cabin staff are always polite and impeccably dressed."
"1026" "Between the airport wait times in the comfortable lounges, the expedited security clearance and the 180 degree, spacious, comfortable bed and amazing service, these flights were absolutely wonderful. Arrived refreshed, showered, no jet lag!!  WORTH EVERY PENNY! Lounges here and…"
"1027" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1028" "Flight entertainment was on as the flight was preparing to take off (after safety video of course) and never turn off even as we landed. Some airlines must turn off entertainment as they land and really frustrating to just miss last few minutes of a movie. Service staff was…"
"1029" "It is cheaper to fly Asiana for the same route compare to SQ.  The food served is quite good, and the in-flight entertainment system provided a good selections of movie."
"1030" "A very well known airline as to be the best kid friendly! Cabin crews are very attentive to passengers traveling with young children."
"1031" "We took an Asiana flight to and from Seoul in 2 different aircrafts. One was older than thr other. The first plane had upgraded entertainment consoles (better screen resolution, more movie options, play on demand etc.) The second plane had those old monitors that are never…"
"1032" "Flown this Korean airline a few times and service and hostess has been great. Its new A350's are also very comfortable."
"1033" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1034" "A lot of space for legs, comfortable seats, very attentive service and good meal.  Entertainment system was only on back flight."
"1035" "Smooth check-in, on-time departure, good service with tasty Korean meals. Looking forward to flying Asiana again.Actually flew in October 2012."
"1036" "The service was good even though it was a short flight (around an hour plus). The options of many flights a day is much welcomed. Only issue was at the Gimpo airport since there were many passengers. Rather a busy airport."
"1037" "I was on this flight with my family, including 7 months son. Flight attendants were very friendly and cared us during entire flight. It was midnight departure flight, so maybe easier than day flight for my son. However, their baby meal was awesome and bassinet was great.…"
"1038" "Whenever I need to fly to Seoul, Korea, this is the airline that I use.  The service is excellent with very attentive flight crews.  The business class chair will allow you to lie down completely flat.  It's not the most comfortable bed, but good enough for me.  The food used to…"
"1039" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1040" "The flight to Incheon (ICN) was delayed by 15 mins and we left at 2:15 am.   The flight was smooth and we arrived at almost 8am.  After about 6 hours layover, we continued on our journey to Sapporo.  We spent the hours in the ICN airport by taking a nap and go shopping (this…"
"1041" "Check in was a breeze in Manila. The business class lounge in Manila is kind of shabby, consistent with the generally low level of facilities in Manila. The 3-hour flight to Incheon was very comfortable. The business class lounge at Incheon is much larger and nicer, with a…"
"1042" "Everything was good except the meal, they were poor texture and taste of the meat and rice as well as the dessert. Pls improve asap."
"1043" "Asiana has always been my go to airline for trips to Seoul. The flights are on time. The food is Korean style bi-bim-bab rice bowls which have alot of vegetables and impossible to mess up even on inflight microwaves. Coach is not spacious but compared to other airlines feels…"
"1044" "The food is very perfect! And the service is also good. The only few small drawbacks are the choices of movies are not many and the flight attendants English is not very good."
"1045" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1046" "Was switched to this flight when weather cancelled my Cathy Pacific flight.  The aircraft looked to be past its use by date, very worn interior, ancient entertainment system with highly limited selection of movies and the screen barely visible.  Wine selection was not good,…"
"1047" "Asiana is one of my favorite airlines. The service is outstanding. The onboard food is great and they have a great entertainment section."
"1048" "The service was great, and the seat was comfortable during 13 hour flight from Chicago to South Korea. The only complaint was about the movie selection: they had lack of movie choice."
"1049" "Asia published promotional fares for the newest member of their fleet, the Airbus 380.  Round trip airfare was very affordable and the quality of service was superb. Boarding procedure was overly and seats have more leg room than average airlines traveling this route.  Incheon…"
"1050" "The terminal staff and airplane crew were absolutely professional. They were extremely helpful and polite and made sure that I was comfortable and that my needs were met. The food was well prepared and tasty and served in a timely and efficient manner. I thoroughly enjoyed my…"
"1051" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1052" "My wife and I flew in business from NY JFK to Seoul. I had never flown with Asiana before but knew that Asiana had a good reputation. The food and service was excellent. Attendants were quick to respond and professional. I recommend getting the ramen for snack during mid flight.…"
"1053" "We made a connection in Seoul. The flight from LA to Incheon was super smooth with A380. I believe the legroom is larger than Boeing 777, which is a plus for a 12 hour long haul flight. Nice service and above average food. The flight from ICN to Beijing was less comfortable…"
"1054" "One of the best airlines that I have ever flown on. Have flown on this airline several times. It is the airline that I prefer over all others."
"1055" "Asiana is one of the best options for flying from the midwest USA to Asia.  The economy class seats are very spacious and lean back quite far.  Both meals have options for western or Korean style, flight crew are extremely courteous and accommodating.  The planes, being a little…"
"1056" "Due to family emergency, I had to book an international flight which will leave in about 8 hours. I was expecting a higher air fare but I got a pretty good deal. Because of the cheap fare, I was expecting that this flight will have a lot of inconveniences but I was wrong. Though…"
"1057" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1058" "I was blown away with the service and how new and clean the aircraft was compared to our airlines in America ."
"1059" "Their flight attendants are very attentive to the needs of their customers. They are  always on the ball and very pleasant. You can tell that they all love their job from the way they respond to the needs of their customers, no matter how petty or small their customers' needs…"
"1060" "ive flown Cathay and Eva air on same route( and know of friends flown Korean Air). Nothing bad but nothing to make me go back either,,esp compared to competitors. Ony alchohol is 1 red and 1 white wine. Food was just ok. movie selections limited..seemed like same options in july…"
"1061" "A bit of a throwback to about 15 years ago when lie flat seats were only in first class. This was an older 747-400 with old business class seats that only reclined about 3/4 of the way. The plus was the upper deck that was very sparsely populated.   Very attentive service in a…"
"1062" "superb - lots of space, superb seat, great service, and the catering was as good as many a good restaurant. We will choose to fly Asiana in preference to most other airlines when we can"
"1063" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1064" "We decided to fly Asiana based on overall rating and the reputation of the airline. I've flown business class on numerous routes to Asia from US and could' help to compare. 1. Flight was delayed due to \"flight connection\", not clear on the definition, but gate agents kept…"
"1065" "I don't usually share my experiences online in regard to airlines however I was compelled this time given the difference between expectation and reputation to reality. The website was the start of my frustration however was minor compared to onboard service and in-flight…"
"1066" "Utter chaos.  Boarding time came and went.  No communication whatsoever.  Sign in front of boarding gate read DELAYED, with no updated time.  Flight notification didn't work, obviously.  For a Star Alliance Gold member, I would expect a bit more level of service.  Then, arrival…"
"1067" "I like flying with Asiana. Not really a super preference over other transpacific Asian-based airlines that I fly with, i.e. Cathay, ANA, China airlines, Korean Air, Singapore. It's just that their pricing seems to be more competitive than the others when I'm shopping for fares. …"
"1068" "I was flying back to Tashkent with this airline and the Uzbeks always bring on WAY too much stuff with them and they also have a lot of hold luggage which means it can take a while to get your bag out the other end but thats not the airline's fault. I have now been on two…"
"1069" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1070" "Traveled business class on Asiana from Los Angeles to Delhi with a change of plane in Seoul. From LA to Seoul, it was a Dreamliner. Very comfortable business class seats. Fully reclined. Excellent cabin crew. Paid attention to the  littlest detail. Kept the toilets clean and…"
"1071" "Flew in from Seoul to San Francisco. It was one of the worst flights on an old plane, perhaps from 10 years ago. The seat was filthy and uncleaned. We caught lice from sitting on them and were scratching out heads throughout the next few days.  Very old and poor entertainment…"
"1072" "I went to SEA and chose Asiana on purpose due to scheduling, reviews and price.  As a I am 6'2\" and weigh 220, I was hoping that economy would not be too brutal, and it was not.  The staff was super courteous, the aircraft of newer vintage and clean.  I would fly with them again…"
"1073" "I write this message because I would like to share with you my experience with Asiana Airlines. It indeed seems to me important to congratulate a service when this one is excellent. I am often using Asiana Airlines on this routing: Incheon - San Francisco - Incheon once a year.…"
"1074" "great experience. never had that much before with any other airline. very gentle and polite staff and highly professional"
"1075" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1076" "The 'Smartium\" flat bed seat really make the difference of this aircraft. Great food selection, great cabin staff, great entertainment selection and comfy flat bed."
"1077" "JFK-ICN-MNL, HKG-ICN-JFK. Flew on the A380, B747, and B777.  Two long-haul and two short-haul flights with Asiana and everything was smooth. I sat on the upper deck on both of the flights from JFK to ICN and back. I highly recommend the last row on the upper deck as you feel…"
"1078" "Traveling solo with a toddler is always a daunting experience, but I decided to go ahead and book with Asiana not only for the price, but for the length of total travel also.  Saving a few more hundred dollars in exchange for a 20-hour layover in China was NOT in my plans,…"
"1079" "Our experience flying with Asiana from New York to Vietnam (with a stop in Seoul, Korea) was overall very good: the seats were comfortable, the food was ok and the attendants during the flights were attentive. However, we had one incident that ruined the rest of the experience.…"
"1080" "It seems to me that the airline itself needs to brush up their organization skills.  Our flight got delayed and they told us that more information would be given to us ASAP.  A while later, we saw that they were letting people in without any boarding announcements.  When we sat…"
"1081" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1082" "The day that my family is coming home from 3week-long vacation from Incheon to San Francisco, my wife got quite sick. 11-hour journey would have been hell having sick for few hours already. But kind crew members of the Asiana OZ212 made the trip much more tolerable. Especially…"
"1083" "Last time I will fly economy on a long flight, Half was thru the flight the restroom were filthy and stayed that way until we landed.  Now we fly on Airlines whose base is in US or there are some others that we do fly but this airline, we will not fly again.  It was a bargain…"
"1084" "I am already building my mileage with Asiana. Despite the incident that had happened years ago at SFO. I still feel that Asiana Airlines gives very good service. I have boarded many times different western airlines but Asiana is one of those asian carriers that provide good…"
"1085" "Over the course of the last month I've flown Asiana (Business Class) four times: LAX-Seoul, Seoul-Ho Chi Minh City, Singapore-Seoul, and Seoul-LAX.   All in all, Asiana is an excellent airline, with fantastic service and in-flight dining. For the cost, their business class…"
"1086" "Since I started using Asiana Airlines a few years ago, I wouldnt use any other airline when going for a visit to Cebu, Philippines. Asiana Airlines have good leg room, comfortable chairs. You never go hungry on Asiana Airlines. They serve 2 meals and a snacks for my…"
"1087" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1088" "I travelled to seoul many time on business trips and use Asiana Airline along with others but found Asiana best considering customer support, food availability, attendants attitude towards customer and overall cleanliness. I would recommend this airline for korea travel."
"1089" "I took a midnight flight from HK to Seoul. Everything was o.k. It was a better choice than taking buget airlines."
"1090" "We have flown many airlines (mostly Star Alliance) all over the world, and it is hard to surprise us anymore.  However, we were really blown away by the amazing service provided by the Asiana flight attendants in Business Class.  They were exceptionally warm and attentive, and…"
"1091" "We always like flying with Asian airlines but Asiana is truly great. They have attentive service and they even serve meals on flights that only last 1,5 hours. They have great entertainment and the cabin crew is extremely friendy. Will fly again with them in a heartbeat."
"1092" "This was a wonderful flight!  The plane was clean and had comfortable seats.  The flight attendants were very courteous and able to speak English, Chinese, and Korean.  The meals offered during the flights were delicious and filling.  Free movies, games, and music made for a…"
"1093" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1094" "We have been boarded to this airline on our 2 consecutive years of visiting the US and we always had a consistent service. Comfortable seats, good food and always a delight to be with the company of beautiful smiling Asian women."
"1095" "The flight was very smooth. The crew were very welcoming. There was a large legroom compared to other airlines. The food was very good. It was indeed authentic Korean style. You will definitely feel the Korean comfort on board. It was such a nice experiencing."
"1096" "We spent a month in Asia focusing on budget friendly airlines (not naming any names) so we got very accustomed to being nickel and dimed, crammed, ignored and feeling like an inconvenience to the flight crew.  On our flight to Seoul from Tokyo we were treated to a premium in…"
"1097" "Good service, attentive staff, on time schedule.  I would wish they had more snack options during the 11+ hour flight."
"1098" "Came with an Emirates Sliver status : not accepted ! Then couldn't find my Priority Pass card, staff couldn't care less, not even a hint at something anywhere close to \"let's see if we can help and find your record\" ! #BadService ! (The lounge is really average, nothing special…"
"1099" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1100" "The crew on board from Singapore to Incheon n back was superb. Kudos to air hostess who double blanket me when he saw i was feeling to cold. The food serve was also nice with great service. The seat was comfortable and spacious. Only regret they keep pushing us to do auto check…"
"1101" "About a year and a half ago, we flew Asiana from ICN to HNL.  We loved the airline then (it was a A330); therefore, we were excited that this segment, it was on the A380.  I must say their service has gone downhill from our last flight.  First of all, the boarding was not smooth…"
"1102" "I've been a big fan of Star Alliance brand and Asiana was one of them and Asiana provided fantastic service for business travelers. Their lounge has been great.   However recently this airline is going downhill by removing few quality of service to their loyal customers.  In…"
"1103" "My first international flight experience. The flight was an overnight flight from New York City to Ichion Korea . Take off time was on time. The stewardess were very curtious  and nice. For economy the service was first class. The choice of meals were great and the food good.the…"
"1104" "Scores well on my list from check in, Boarding, Cabin crews and overall meal quality. If they can improve safety through better pilot training, they would get my five stars."
"1105" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1106" "If some flights are very nice and plaisants some personnals at board think they are queen in the plane we need to remember them than without customers they havem't a job, also stay plaisant and quiet with passengers"
"1107" "Very nice first class suites ,with doors to close when you are ready for bed. The shower suites where nice and air condition ,most of them are to hot and humid. The lunge in Incheon international airport was was nice treat to shower and to take a nap in between flights."
"1108" "The pilot's technique was perfect! The take off from Hong Kong International Airport was very stable and it didn't feel like taking off at all. The landing at Incheon International Airport was the same. Usually, there would be a lot of bumping feeling after landing an airport,…"
"1109" "Pleasant flight. Staff very attentive. Very quick to accommodate passengers.  typical flight food but nice."
"1110" "We booked \"exit aisle\" seats, which give considerable leg space (at a reasonable cost). Staff are friendly and efficient. The plane is pretty much standard and so is the flight, non eventful, as it should be. The only area that is below standard is the food ; particularly the…"
"1111" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1112" "overall not bad, the disadvantages part will be their English is very poor. not really understand when they speak English."
"1113" "My flight was Bangkok to Soul, Soul to Los Angeles.From check in, boarding and the service on board were excellent. The food is really good, especially the coffee. From Bangkok to Soul was an older BOEING 777/200 with an outdated business class.The long flight was then in an…"
"1114" "I used First Suite of A380. First Suite has an independent flat seat with sliding door and very large TV(check the homepage of asiana airlines). Food and service all are very great."
"1115" "Flied Asiana Airlines several times.  The service you are provided from the ticket counter to in flight is superb.  It feels they are willing to go above and beyond to ensure you they provide you exceptional services.  My flights are over 20 hours one way so it is imperative…"
"1116" "new air plane with more better space compare other air lines. service and food was excellent. crew were so kind and media service is recent and good quality."
"1117" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1118" "Flew in Asiana's A380 in Business Class on the upper deck, JFK to ICN, with a connection to Asiana B777, from ICN to HAN.  Very comfortable seating/flat bed on both aircraft.  Excellent food with choice of Korean or western cuisine (I tried the Korean - delicious).  Very…"
"1119" "One of my favorite airlines and part of the Star Alliance which allowed me to use United miles for a Business Class seat. The lie flat seats, the great food and attentive service sets this airline miles above any of the US carriers. The cabin was very comfortable and the seat…"
"1120" "Staff- Well mannered, polite, pleasant, friendly and absolutely accommodating. I sat in Economy and was treated like a First Class passenger. They are helpful and don't seem bothered AT ALL. They were dressed neatly and their smiles never faded. Aircraft- Roomy, seats were…"
"1121" "It was an overnight flight from phuket to Seoul however its comfort and very good service and facility. Get window seat as expected. Airline limited only one luggage loading the rest must hand carry to the cabin head store. Crew was helpful. However very impress with service on…"
"1122" "Nothing significant to complain of. Both ground and flight crews were helpful and kind, and the cabin was very clean. Economy class meals for Asiana short-distance had been miserable before, but has improved greatly(JAL or Korean Air is much better, though). In-flight duty free…"
"1123" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1124" "We took the red-eye flight at 12:05 am aboard the new A350 aircraft and arrived Seoul at 5:10 am. The aircraft had ample leg room and we were seated very comfortably considering we were in economy. There was in-flight wifi service and each seat had its own entertainment system.…"
"1125" "As a disabled traveller my treatment by the airline simply could not have been better. The inflight food in Economy was far better than several other major airlines I have travelled with."
"1126" "I have booked a flight and look for a very cheap flight since I will be shouldering the expenses. My budget is not to go over PHP50,000.   Alas! After a lot of searching, I was able to find a flight that suits my budget.  When I search the internet, i started browsing for cheap…"
"1127" "Gate 29 at incheon International is one of those gates that are hidden, and seem like a mystery gate.  When we found the gate about an hour prior to flight time it was located downstairs, and people were sleeping in all the seats.  There was no real indication of how we would…"
"1128" "This flight was pretty much what one might expect for a 2 1/2 hour economy hop.  The seats were ok, boarding was pretty much  a Crowd push onto the aircraft, and the Korean food we were served was simply ordinary.  One of the things about flying in Asia is that every…"
"1129" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1130" "At first sight one may find that the seats are a bit old and that the chair may not work, however the smile on the Korean stewardess & stewards are very welcoming and they are extremely helpful even though English is not a first language. Helping with passengers with the carry…"
"1131" "I had never flown Asiana before so didn't know what to expect. I hate being stuck in the middle seat, especially for a long flight, but that is what happens to most women when they fly with their husbands. So I was preparing for the worst.  Surprisingly, the flight had so much…"
"1132" "My husband and I were seated in row 74, seats K and J on Asiana's Airbus A380-800 upper deck. After a bad flight to Asia on United from LAX, being on Asiana for the flight back was fantastic. The seats are huge compared to United, and the service was top notch. The upper deck…"
"1133" "The flight attendants were very neatly dressed and everyone was stylish.  The lady attendants had their nails painted in the uniform color of beige!  The announcements (in English) were had to understand, though with heavy accents.  They need to practice English pronunciation…"
"1134" "Flown from Singapore to Dalian via Korea. Have to say I expected a bit more of the Asiana Airline, the staff do hardly speak English and they do think you have to eat what they say if there is a choice than I expect the choice I choose not to be argued about it. The choice was…"
"1135" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1136" "The flight was 11.5 hours, the plane was 380, 800, new plane it holds 495 passengers. For a long flight it could not have been better, food, seat comfort, Leg room were great. Customer service was also great. We also flew the same airline from from Manila to Seoul. There was a…"
"1137" "It was generally a good flight.  Plane left chicago around midnight and landed around 3 am in incheon(leaving at 11:55pm Friday and landed on 3 am sunday).  Essentially it feels like you lost a whole day but it was easier to recover from jet lag.   Food was decent and…"
"1138" "Asiana provides excellent Asian service levels with great attention to the details.  We enjoyed all aspects of this flight including the enclosed suites, food, wine, and quality of staff.    Although we still prefer a couple of other airlines to Asia, I would not hesitate to fly…"
"1139" "The BKK to ICN leg was aweful. Old battered B777 in a 2-3-2 configuration with old business class seats. Food was also terrible coming out of Bangkok. Probably Thai Airways kitchen food.  But a totally different airline from ICN to JFK on the A380. Fantastic business class with…"
"1140" "I think OZ is losing sight of their market, or maybe they don't want their existing market. There was always an idea that an Eastern airline would want to encourage westerners by providing western-oriented food choices. By contrast Western airlines could provide anything. OZ is…"
"1141" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1142" "I flew from the Phils to Chicago via Asiana Airlines. It was a good journey except for 2 things. The first one is uncotrollable which is the turbulence but the 2nd one, I do hope they can do something about it - the entertainment part, you will have a minimal choices when it…"
"1143" "I have only flown short haul flights with Asiana, between Seoul and Japan and Daegu and Jeju.  Comfortable flights with good service.  The website is, however, rather difficult to use for booking flights."
"1144" "I have flown Asiana airlines a few times, mostly from Japan to Korea. Those flights we above average, good service, good food, overall a fairly good  experience. This long flight from SFO to INC proved to be too much for the  crew. Being a long flight bathrooms can be a problem…"
"1145" "On the 777 the crew worked hard but didn't really engage with pax. Drinks flowed like thick treacle. For example the dinner was preceded by a cocktail, fine. But when dinner appeared, the cocktail glass went and no offer of wine was given. The crew went out front to prepare each…"
"1146" "I received dozens of emails from Asiana begging me to try their new A350. As one of their routes was Seoul-Manila, I decided to take up on their offer and adjusted my upcoming business trip accordingly.  When I showed up at the airport, boom! You’ve guessed it; the aircraft has…"
"1147" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1148" "I connected in Seoul for the second leg of my trip to L.A. The aircraft as an A380 and the business class configuration was awesome. The overall space of the individual cubicle is sufficient and the lie flat bed accommodated my 6'2\" frame with ease. The onboard service was…"
"1149" "I paid $600 plus and I know its an awesome price since we're four in the family...But make sure that you have snacks in your handbag... The flight from LAX to Korea is 13 plus hours, they served food an hour after the take off, and the gap between the next meal is 9 hours, so if…"
"1150" "this is my second time to take a cheap one way flight from Clark to Charlotte my flight is smooth  and my experiences with flight attendants were awesome I like the Korean/Asian Food Selection and both my experiences were on time flight. my connections from New York to Charlotte…"
"1151" "We flew this airline as a family and were very happy to receive the great assistance at the airport by the check-in staff. The staff was courteous and helpful. We also used the lounge service and it was just one of the best. The in-flight service was great too and the crew quite…"
"1152" "We experienced flying via this airline (Boeing 787) with more leg room for you to stretch out.  This airline is one of the biggest I experienced flying which can carry about 700 passengers with al least two (2) baggage aloud - newest and you will not experience bouncing around…"
"1153" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1154" "I tried to make a reservation online through the FlyAsiana.com website, and when I attempted to pay for my ticket, there was an error message. So I tried again, with the same result. I switched to the Asiana iOS app and again saw an error. When I checked my Asiana Club profile…"
"1155" "I had booked the flight through SkyScanner and got a good (cheap) deal, so my expectations were pretty low to begin with. However, Asiana exceeded all of my expectations and more. We arrive at Sydney airport and the check in counter was a breeze. Although there was a line, all…"
"1156" "We were disappointed after having sets in business to discover they had changed aircraft and we did not have seats that stretched parallel to the floor.  Instead this 747 had seats that slanted to the ground.  The service crew was less polite and attentive than on other Asiana…"
"1157" "The check-in agents were late (i.e. we waited for them to arrive at the check in counter) and then very disorganized.  The flight was fair.  They had changed aircraft, and consequently sets, which were not as comfortable as expected."
"1158" "I find the airline better then an USA Airline. The staff is always friendly and professional. The flight attendant are dressed exteremly proffessional I thin maybe the USA carriers could learn from the international ones. I just wish the seat were moree comfortable and had more…"
"1159" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1160" "This was the first time I've flown with Asiana and they were really wonderful. The long flights are hard to find a good airline - and they did a great job!"
"1161" "Compared for instance to Emirates, where the flight attendants do speak English adequately--but don't get along with or speak to each other--and don't work more than the bare minimum, Asiana is a refreshing change.  Here, they all are attractive, cooperate with each other, and…"
"1162" "Hassle free transport SFO<>ICN with plenty of food, decent seating, punctual takeoff and landing, well maintained cabin and restrooms, timely boarding, smooth flight on 777, etc.  However, the cabin crew appeared to be verging on manic as it came to performing their job which…"
"1163" "The flight attendants were very classy in appearance and demeanor. Because I have Celiac Disease, I had emailed the airline about 3 weeks before my flight to inquire about gluten free options during my flight.  I had a reply in less than 24 hrs assuring me they would care for…"
"1164" "I have to say that the journey was long, but for the price and service this was a good deal. The only complaint is coming from the softness of the seat. The second sector Seoul to Bangkok was 6 hrs 30, and when your back hurt after 2 hrs it is not so good. Despite this for an…"
"1165" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1166" "Some of the in-seat movie consoles were broken. The food was good and the people were friendly. One of our suitcases never made it on the plane from a connecting airline. That wasn't Asiana's fault. BUT, Asiana gave me a HUGE run around here in Manila. I had to follow up, drive…"
"1167" "Flight out to Seoul was very windy so some parts of the flight were bumpy, but nothing extraordinary. Flight back to Paris was delayed at departure due to heavy air traffic.  But the rest of the flight went perfectly well.  In-flight food was very tasty and staff were helful…"
"1168" "We were luckily upgraded to business class for our flight so my overall rating may be off because of that however I was impressed! The seats were huge and reclined to optimize your sleeping. Great in flight entertainment and the food and service was excellent. I would definitely…"
"1169" "I like my flight with this airline. Served nice food and beverages. Flight attendants also very attentive and supportive.  I slept and they did not make noise in order not to wake me up until serving food. Then when I woke up they asked me what I want and bring separately.…"
"1170" "Flying biz class in an A-330 is a little bit of heaven, especially when you are dog tired.  The Asiana stewardesses are all a perfect 10......they look and dress impeccably and they always wear a smile.  They provided us with awesome service during the entire 11 hour flight.  US…"
"1171" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1172" "We were in business class on an Asiana A-330 that was supposed to have comfortable seats per their company info......\"This model, developed by the Airbus Corporation, is optimized for operation along long-distance routes and is installed with fully automatic, bed-style premium…"
"1173" "Compare with others airlines I took before (Singapore Airlines, Eva Air) which is under star alliance member, Asiana airlines might need some improvement especially for the comfortable of plane. For the Check in service also took slightly longer and I understood that's long…"
"1174" "This is one of the few times when I wouldn't have minded if the flight were longer.  The flight was in Asiana's A380.  The cabin crew hit it out of the park with the service: efficient and with the utmost respect and politeness.  They always had a smile.  I went with the Korean…"
"1175" "Amazing service. The flight attendants were so kind, accommodating, and super friendly. I forgot to change my meal plan to vegetarian and they went out of their way to accommodate me with and alternative veggie meal. They made sure the food was okay and I was satisfied with it.…"
"1176" "1st time taking Asiana Airlines from Changi Airport to Incheon Airport. Actually we (two person) are asking a window and aisle seat. Myself is asking for vegetarian and normal meal. Overall the meal is not bad but of course has many room for improvement. The entertainment…"
"1177" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1178" "This was my first International Flight since 1966. I opted for Asiana because they had a direct flight to Seoul. I figured I could do without the hassle of changing flights, especially in another country.   I paid extra for the bulkhead seats. Only drawback is that you don't…"
"1179" "We flew from London to Seoul then Seoul to Singapore. Both flights were fabulous and the flight attendants were very friendly and welcoming.  1st time flying with Asiana and as we will be flying to Asia twice a year, we will consider flying this route again. "
"1180" "Great service as was the food selection. We left HK airport and flew to Seoul. From Seoul we transferred planes and continued onto Chicago. Both flights were excellent, as well as service and food. Wonderful selection of entertainment."
"1181" "Excellent service, but the mileage program is not according to a great airline. The staff are very friendly and well trained to provide excellent service to the passengers. It appears that the aircraft are well maintained and care is taken to maintain the necessary cleanliness…"
"1182" "Easy check in experience and lots of space and room, food was also serviced complimentary on this short flight, I'm very impressed."
"1183" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1184" "Asiana's superior in-flight cuisine and amenities are still one of the reasons people like me pay full price for all-inclusive amenities."
"1185" "Outstanding service knowing and providing for my elder family member wheelchair assistant throughout the trip. Layover lounge in Incheon airport was clean, secure, and well organized with helpful staff. At destination in Los Angeles, Asiana agents were also presented at the…"
"1186" "This is my 3rd time flying Asiana. I flew for the first time in November 2015,  then in Dec. 2016  and March 2017. All of the flights had great service from LAX to Seoul and to Saigon from the A380, A330, 747 and 777. The flight attendants were always smiling and very attentive.…"
"1187" "This was only my third flight overseas and I have never had this level of service, it was like being in first class the whole trip!  We were given two options for every meal, and I think there were 3 or 4 meals, PLUS snacks.  When they weren't serving us the flight attendants…"
"1188" "the flight attendance staff really care about you. they are very focus on your comfort. a lot of detail to attention. the meals are delicious and plenty. The drinks selection amazing. the cabin noise is minimal. The entertainment is great. The plane is nicely decorated. the one…"
"1189" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1190" "Round trip check in was fast. Two hour flight each way was trouble free, excellent service, new, clean plane. Sandwich was very acceptable. Flight attendants were first class. Good experience in every way."
"1191" "This is a good airlines, with good service, comfortable seats, entertainment, and food options. I took both international flights and domestic flights when in South Korea. All flights were on time."
"1192" "My wife and I have been flying Asiana for more than 10 years now for our annual vacation, and she, on a twice a year take off for the last two years.  It's been a pleasure flying Asiana, the service and comfortability is the number one factor for us, the courteousness and…"
"1193" "Flew from Seattle to Inchon which included a bus ride up from Portland as part of the Asiana package. Asiana apparently does this to encourage people in Portland to travel with Asiana versus Korean airlines. The ride up and the flight to Korea were fine. The plane was decent and…"
"1194" "First time flying Asiana Air. Destiny was Japan, layover in Seoul, Korea. Best flight ever.  Left Chicago O’Hare during a snow storm (in March), the plane had to be de-iced. A new one for me.  My seats were all booked by the wing. Could not even feel the take-off. Very smooth.…"
"1195" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1196" "This is not my first time flying this airline, so my expectations were really low. I was pleasantly surprised after we boarded flight #222 (A380) in Seoul S. Korea.  The flight attendants were pleasant, the legroom and seat comfort was amazing and the food was eatable. The…"
"1197" "Horrible experience from start to finish.  I actually lost confidence in customer service, safety, and ability to resolve the simplest of issues.  Staff cannot make a decision, no supervisors with authority, in-flight meals were inedible, and Smartium Business seat is so narrow…"
"1198" "We were told not to book with Asiana, but my husband was able to get a great deal and so he booked two tickets instead of one, so I ended up going to Japan with him. The trip was about 14 hours, which is long, but the seats were comfortable and we had a TV screen to watch shows,…"
"1199" "This was the return segment of my recent trip.  The check-in process at the airport was smooth, the staff there were friendly and efficient.  The Asiana Lounge was quite crowded, even though it wasn't small. The way they have arranged the seats made me feel like I was in a…"
"1200" "After a long flight from Los Angeles  and a few hour connection in Seoul, when we boarded the airplane we were ready for sleep.  Shortly after take off, the crew took a food order, but were wise enough not to wake me -- and let me sleep until we arrived in Thailand.  Deeply…"
"1201" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1202" "From relaxing in the Star Alliance Club, to being seated in comfortable chairs and served with professional dignity, one certainly feels the hospitality of this Korean Airlines."
"1203" "Fairly good with everything, i will definitely book my flights with Asiana Ailines when i travel with my wife (and soon, with my children and grandchildren!)"
"1204" "I've been flying on another airline from Singapore to Incheon but this time decided to fly Asiana because of tighter budget.  This was an overnight flight, supposed to depart at 10:40pm but they delayed it because the flight from Incheon was delayed.  The boarding announcement…"
"1205" "Before we ride on the plane, my husband is already not feeling well. He is diabetic and we did have a late dinner on the plane because the flight was delayed. After 30 minutes from eating he felt like vomiting and dizzy. I told him to go to the restroom and on the way he fell…"
"1206" "Having flown business class on several different airlines, I can safely say that Asiana is a level above the rest.   1 - most options for movies and entertainment 2 - most options for the way the chair moves and reclines 3 - service light to signify service 4 - best food 5 -…"
"1207" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1208" "I flew a 2-level plane and it was huge and spacious! I got my ticket 12 days before my flight but it wasn't very pricey. Less than $1000 with taxes and terminal fees was a real deal! The flight crew were warm and helpful and they always feed you! You'll never go hungry. Their…"
"1209" "One the the best airlines to travel from Asia. Comfortable flat seat, but a bit old.  Great food! Good selection of beverages. The service was outstanding with detail. Entertainment could have more selections, but was good!"
"1210" "In-flight entertainment totally are NOT good. In-Flight foods are unacceptable. getting worst from last time...."
"1211" "Riding in an Asiana Airline is like riding in a smooth ride in a Universal Studios amusement ride, it was fun and exciting, and the FA's were very nice, and the food too ..."
"1212" "A long flight is never fun, but I was very comfortable. My husband and I reserved the two seats on the side, so we had our own space. There is a nice storage compartment under the window that gave us extra space. They provided a pillow, blanket, slippers,snacks, meals that were…"
"1213" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1214" "This Airline sell you a ticket but don't tell you what kind of ticket. I booked a business class flight from Bali to Shanghai via Seoul, and this because I want to use Star Alliance (from witch I was member before) but then I found out I had a non changeable ticket and nobody…"
"1215" "Inflight service and food was good but the entertainment was pretty old and movies in rotation were difficult to watch. But the ticket price was cheap compared with the other companies."
"1216" "The fly was ok, they also give a little snak during the fly, my firend didn't feel really well and so they brought some water. I raccomanded this company. The only bad things is that they are not allow with the price of the ticket to bring some suitcases, so in case you traverl…"
"1217" "I just notice the stewardess kept on touching and making sure that her hair is always in place.  Its just kind of awkward cause she's also serving food."
"1218" "Too Eastern in culture for me.  Missed amenities provided by other airlines - complimentary bag of travel toiletries, etc.  Also missed dessert in meal service.  Would not fly with again."
"1219" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1220" "crew very friendly , meals ok , Seoul Airport Wonderful, only down side was the time of arrival into & departure times , after Midnight."
"1221" "This review is geared more to the new A380 double decker jumbo jet then the airline. I usually fly Asiana when I go to Asia (miles, price etc.). Ok, the plane is big, so keep that in mind when you fly on it. It's like having double the passengers in one plane. Having said that,…"
"1222" "This was our first time to use Aisiana and it was a great experience. We used four flights during our travels and the level of service, cabin standards, food quality and entertainment was perfectly consistent. I do not mind basic facilities if cleanliness and consistency of…"
"1223" "Given the airfare we paid for (not really a steal but not the highest rate either), Asiana basically had the lowest rates during that time for the flight we wanted. No big flight delays, food was actually good but the ride itself could have been made more comfortable especially…"
"1224" "Flew a fairly new airplane a Boeing 787, flight left on time, foot space was acceptable, seat comfort quite good, had an isle seat, which I prefer, food was reasonable ok, had diabetic meal, Staff was friendly, entertainment program was ok, was my first flight with Asiana"
"1225" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1226" "Check in was OK but not friendly. They asked for my Visa because they did not check my passport and thought I came from a totally different country. The seat was very uncomfortable. It is a small seat and if you are tall as me (I am 6 foot 4 inches) you are hitting your head…"
"1227" "I have almost never given 1-star reviews, and the past time was two years ago. This is to emphasize that Asiana has really earned this low ranking. We flew ICN-JFK.  Asiana was by far the worst of the 8 international first class services we've used. As a quick overview the food…"
"1228" "We flew a roundtrip ICN CTS. Sometimes people write about a tired interior, these planes were totally worn out. Upholstery hanging loose underneath the chairs,hard to find a position inwhoch you didn't hu rt your back, headtest that don't move. Meals of old fashioned economy…"
"1229" "I flew a week ago from Seoul to New Delhi in Business class. The service was good, but the quality of the aircraft, seats, amenities(or rather lack thereof) was extremely poor. The seat semi-reclined, so my feet hung down at an incline which started to hurt after a while. The…"
"1230" "On both of my flights from Incheon to L.A. (sat in 49K) and L.A. to Incheon (sat in 55J emergency exit seat), I found each of the flight attendants attractive but not very friendly. On my flight to L.A. the flight attendant rudely tell me to put the shade down with a slight…"
"1231" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1232" "This covers OZ602 and OZ603.  Daily service from Seoul to Sydney and back.  On the way to Sydney there was no water in the sink or toilets of the lavatories in the forward section or economy.  Things happen, i was hoping it was a one off, but 2 weeks later, on my return trip,…"
"1233" "I always enjoy flying on Asiana even in economy they treat you with respect and professionalism unlike some of the American Air Lines. I will continue to fly Asiana every time I travel to and from Luzon."
"1234" "Older 747, pretty rough around the edges, check in and flight attendants all were good and helpful. Surprised after all the Hype about how good they are that I was not at impressed."
"1235" "Asiana have promotional price for their tickets, lots of savings compare to if I take other airlines. Inflight food is good (for their korean meal). Their seats is a little of pros and cons. It's not reclincing seats like most other flights but rather is your own seat slide out…"
"1236" "My wife and I just made a short trip to Singapore and we flew out on Asiana Airlines both ways. Route was Tokyo to Seoul to Singapore and reverse route back.  The first leg was delayed taking off due to a late arrival. Since the aircraft was also the second in our outbound trip…"
"1237" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1238" "I forgot to mention the transit process when using the free Asiana stopover hotel facility.Be sure to contact Asiana Airlines after you have reserved your ticket to ask them for a transit room. They do not automatically arrange it for you. However, there is no problem. Staff…"
"1239" "It was my first flight using Asiana Airlines.  The take off and landing was smooth and good! Good job for the pilot!  Although it was good, i still think it's time for Asiana change the aircraft with the new one and for a long flight; entertainment is important."
"1240" "I chose Asiana Airline over my usual preference as it was listed high on Skytrack. Yes, I did receive a transfer and hotel in Seoul included in the fare which was excellent but, the actual flight was disappointing.  My seat 10H was just behind the Business class bulkhead at an…"
"1241" "I had high expectations with this airline. I had always looked forward to flying with Asiana as I knew they always belonged to the top 10 airlines in the world list. Although, I had smoothest ride to my destination and everything else such as movie selections were at par, I just…"
"1242" "A good company with meal on the flight,. Nice and good staff. Goes smooth and easy to check-in. Have also movies you can watch during flight."
"1243" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1244" "Asiana , as always put on and excellent trip . Very good service , food and airport management . One of the best ."
"1245" "Asiana never fails to disappoint. Flight crew did a fantastic job in being friendly and nice. Food was better than edible, drinks and snacks provided from here to there were also great. Smooth take-off and landing, IFE made the ridiculously long flight bearable. Definitely…"
"1246" "Asiana airlines food menu not change since one year, they will deliver the food with no break .food quality is standard .movie channels not change .to last minute they want on your seat until the aircraft stop stay on seat. "
"1247" "Asiana was known for great customer service. Seems like cost cutting is taking its toll. Nearly impossible to manage reservations on their website compared to other airlines. Cabin temperature was either too cold or too warm. Food was nearly mediocre. Flight attendants always…"
"1248" "every china trip  I take Asiana airline because flight attendants are considerate and serves great food  with drinks . they always arrives on time and depart on time. so I feel comfortable on the flight."
"1249" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1250" "Our first time with Asiana. Fly to london via overnight in Seoul. Seats were comfortable and a good size for economy. Food was choice of Korean or European style. Transfer from airport to hotel was included. Hotel was Royal in Seoul and 4.5 star. Comfortable and recently…"
"1251" "Asiana Airlines appeared on my radar due to a very cheap flight that they had for December. The process of purchasing was easy and the issuance of electronic ticket was painless but the day of the flight was very different.   When I got to LAX, I was happy to easy that they had…"
"1252" "I felt little bit expensive but not good at service. the food was good and the service was not bad. I felt comfortable during fly."
"1253" "I've traveled to Asia a few times and a close friend swears by asiana airlines for there frequent flyer program. He Flys 4 times a year and swears there the best for free upgrades etc.  Well this is my take on them.  I'm currently delayed for the fourth time on the last leg of…"
"1254" "Took my wife and 5 year old son on a long trip. The first time for my son on such a long flight. He behaved well and the flight attendants were super. The meals were god but must say the entertainment programs are weak."
"1255" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1256" "I had never flown Asiana before but I was fortunate to find a deal out of Seattle to Manila via Seoul, Korea.  From check in to boarding everything was on time and easy.  Staff was super friendly and organized, seat and amenities were great too. Would definitely recommend and…"
"1257" "Check-in : At the Seoul Station ( AREX ) Separate counter for Business Class passengers , but wasn't functional as there wasn't much crowd early in the morning. Staff was courteous.  Security / Immigration :  Through the designated side entrance for AREX passengers. Immigration…"
"1258" "Service - Awesome! Very attentive Seats - Comfortable, Angle flat Food- WOW! They feed you so much that by the time I landed, I couldn't eat another bite!  The only complaint that I have is that Asiana seems to move your seats from what you originally purchased. I don't like…"
"1259" "Asiana at Incheon airport (Seoul) ONLY have self check-in service for economy. This system splits up group bookings - I flew with 3 other passengers & we were all assigned separate seats. We could not get seats together using the self check-in & had to ask the \"baggage drop off\"…"
"1260" "Check-in :  Very quick & smooth at the separate counter for Business Class passengers.  Security / Immigration : Star Alliance Fast-track lane at security , but common queue for all passengers at immigration.  Lounge : ANA Lounge Nice place. Plenty of seating , thus , does not…"
"1261" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1262" "Even though the boarding queues were long, they moved quickly because of the multiple entryways to the aircraft.  Attendants were extremely polite and unassuming.  Choices for meals were traditional Korean and a more westernized option (like chicken with pasta.)  Movies and…"
"1263" "Asiana Airlines staff are surly with a dour expressionless personality which is appropriately complemented by their their dark brown uniform and grey / brown decor of their all new A380. What you see is what you get.   Food onboard was tasteless and served by cabin crew in a…"
"1264" "First time flying this airline, flight was from Los Angeles to Phuket, with a long layover in Seoul (incheon airport).  From the beginning to the end, we were impress with the customer service, flight attendants very sweet and polite, inflight entertainment vast, we were in…"
"1265" "In one trip on both the outbound and the return flight from Tokyo to Heathrow for Christmas, Asiana has proven themselves an anti-consumer company.  My outbound flight was cancelled a week before travelling, with no option other than to cancel (a week before Christmas when I…"
"1266" "I had the worst experience with Asiana Airlines. Even though it was only a 2-hour flight, but I experienced two biggest inconveniences during the flight. First, the in-flight didn't work. The captain said there was a problem with the in-flight entertainment system, and it would…"
"1267" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1268" "Lounge : Asiana Airlines Business Class Lounge Very crowded in the morning. The lounge is divided into 2 sections , but finding a seat in either of them was a struggle. F&B options were quite average.  Boarding :  Separate queue & aerobridge for Business Class passengers  Cabin…"
"1269" "This time, I would like to share my experience flying with Asiana Airlines from Jakarta to Los Angeles (CGK-LAX). Their business class from Jakarta-Incheon (CGK-ICN) was more or less ordinary. Nothing impressive but the flight itself was fairly smooth and I didn't experience any…"
"1270" "Check-in : At the separate counter for Business Class passengers. The agent at this counter was not as well trained / knowledgeable as her colleagues , and she required assistance after some time from her seniors. But , smooth experience overall.  Lounge : The airline provides…"
"1271" "Always great service and clean environment. Offered me eye mask so that i could sleep better even before i asked for it. It was very considerate and i was moved."
"1272" "Flight was full due to end of Xmas holiday.   A321 was utilized for this flight.  A large number of passengers carried three or four shopping bags or boxes besides the usual on-board suitcases.  There was a lot of confusion as there was no way to put all the luggages into the…"
"1273" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1274" "Positives: (1) The legroom is fantastic (2) Staff  Negatives (1) Terrible food (2) Poor entertainment choices (3) Old aircraft with small TV screens"
"1275" "We flew to Asia for vacation with the family.  Booked with Asiana because of price, which we used for the first time.  The equipment was ok, but was showing age.  The on-board entertainment had current titles but the equipment was refusing to react to taps and pushes.  That…"
"1276" "I want the thank the Asiana flight crew for an incredible and amazing experience on my recent flight from Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam to Seoul, Korea. I have been experiencing air travel for over 38 years in all classes (first, business and economy) and I have to say that Asiana…"
"1277" "Because flight out of Singapore was delayed and hour, which meant that we would have missed our connecting flight out of Incheon, we were switched to Korean Air.  We were escorted to the Korean Air counter in another terminal.  Asiana staff stayed with us until our bags were…"
"1278" "So was a bit apprehensive of using Asiana. When I arrived in Chicago I had a seating issue. I went to Grace the gate agent who said there was nothing she could do. Not a good answer. But to my surprise and her tenacity she was able to get her supervisor to take care of it..…"
"1279" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1280" "Good food and a pleasant customer experience. The airline staff were professional. I think I really do like Korean food."
"1281" "After that mediocre review, I had to come back and praise this carrier for my recent flight in Nov '16. Absolutely perfect, and thank you Asiana for the upgrade (ICN-HAN)!"
"1282" "We travelled round-trip from JFK to Vietnam though Seoul, S. Korea on Asiana. We booked them based on schedule and recommendations. The flight from JFK to Seoul was very good, there was good legroom and good entertainment for the 14 -hour leg from JFK to Incheon. The leg from…"
"1283" "Super polite staff. Metal silverware seems to indicate they trust you + have class. Was sleeping & they left a sticker saying to press a button to call for the meal. Asked what I wanted of the 2 choices, then asked if it's ok if they ran out. I said sure, & the flight attendant…"
"1284" "I got Asiana for round trip to Seoul. My CGK-ICN experience was nice overall. Smooth take off and landing. Unfortunately, they dont provide halal proper meal so I only eat tuna sandwich. The toilet is pretty bad, stinky and unclean. The entertainment was limited. My ICN-CGK is…"
"1285" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1286" "all average or more except meal , its poor, stereotype, for the short time flight, not necessary to serve the meal all ( bread, main, dessert, salad,,,) just short flight should be with light meal, but valuable, high quality, for B-class. That served in fact, same contents of…"
"1287" "My 80 year old mother traveled alone from Chicago, USA to Guangzhou, China with Asiana Airlines. She was able to travel by herself because Asiana Airlines provided wheelchair services and took great care of her. My mother asked me to give positive review online. I am grateful to…"
"1288" "Asiana airlines may not be on any top 10 airlines list but it is definitely a class above US airlines serving the same route. The seats have ample legroom, the lavatories are clean and cleaned during the flight. Guess what...they offer toothbrushes and mouth washes. Also, they…"
"1289" "Reference number, e-ticket number, booking number, all of these are mix and match, but you never know if any will work. Too many digits, even when you use the exact one. Popup configuration must be reconfigured. Finally after hours online, you are not allowed to print a boarding…"
"1290" "Great Air Company, very profissional Staff. Nice food and very clean. Is a nice choice for Star Alliance members."
"1291" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1292" "Thank you to flight attendant miss Yun-Jin to recommend me to choose Bibimbap at Asiana Airlines OZ 761. I fly at 7 December 20116 from Incheon - Jakarta. Asiana airlines service is very good and definitely recommended airlines.  by the way, The Bibimbap is delicious choice for…"
"1293" "I've taken Asiana before to go to Philippines but haven't done so in a long time.  I remember liking it before but I read some recent reviews and was worried since the recent reviews weren't that great.  All my flights were on time going there and coming back.  The staff was…"
"1294" "This is a review of Asiana Airlines’ Business Smartium” class on its A380 aircraft from Incheon to LAX with a total flight time of approximately 10 hours.  The same business class product is also deployed on Asiana’s long-haul 777-200 fleet.   Seats:  The 180 degree fully-flat…"
"1295" "This airline was faultless, it was my second trip to Japan, in my first trip I flew with AirFrance which was cramped and particularly unfriendly, Asiana could not be anymore of the polar opposite.   Seats, were as comfortable as airline seats can get in economy.   Leg room, now…"
"1296" "Excited to Try Several OZ Products on my RTW trip, Check in was smooth, security/immigration was a bit slow. Lot's of lounge choices so I tried Singapore Kris Lounge at HKG, a nice offering but nothing Mind Blowing. A bit of a hike to the gate. Once boarding began it went…"
"1297" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1298" "I found this First Class flight on a Combi B747 to be quite comfortable in terms of personal space but on a rather dated plane and seating design. The video screen was really quite small and non HD with very limited entertainment choices so for a 3+ hours flight, we more or less…"
"1299" "I fell comfortable and frendly when long time in Asiana Airline flight. Staffs are nice and hard work. The flight always are clean. The food is good and clean. The customers are polite."
"1300" "Was flying with Asiana this november for the first time. There are several basic things which a good airline has to offer to an average client - modern fleet, hospitality, punctuality and appropriate base airport. Asiana has it all."
"1301" "We flew with Asiana airline while I was tagging along with my husband business trip in June. The flight attendants were all very friendly and helpful and always smile. The seat was very comfy. The cabin where we sat were very quite (end of aircraft). Most amazing was the foods…"
"1302" "If you are a nervous flyer and/or dread those long-haul flights, do yourself a favor and save all those coach miles racked up from credit cards or from economy purchased and upgrade to the front for once.  Skip business class and take the stress out of flying by cocooning…"
"1303" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1304" "The overall was fine but I died of boredom during the 6hrs flight.. The in-flight entertainment wasn't working for me, my seat partner and many others..   Kudos to the excellent service and seat comfortness to make up for the lousy entertainment."
"1305" "Of course Business Class is going to be better than Economy and an Asian carrier is better than the Western competition but when you know your business classes and compare Asiana against Singapore Airlines, Japan Airlines or any of the Middle East carriers, the product is…"
"1306" "Everything was perfect on the flight.  The food was among the best I have had, with fish perfectly cooked.  The attendants were pleasant, very concerned about my experience and cared, unlike on many other carriers.  The seat made me feel like I was in my own compartment.  The…"
"1307" "Very few western airlines have the grace of Asian airlines when it comes to service. Asiana is no exception. Every detail was paid attention to, so the whole experience is of comfort, relaxation and luxury.Obviously all flights are on time..."
"1308" "Counter people are not real nice! lack of managements. Not helpful staffs! specially assistant need the most. luggage are damages badly.  the in-flight meals are great!"
"1309" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1310" "OMG, what happened ?? Asiana used to be my favorite airline. Now it's horrible. Due to code share with Thai air, Singapore air and etc, there are too many people in small plane and there is NO room to do anything. I flew slow season in October. I get that cost cutting and make…"
"1311" "We has a excellent flight with Asiana , first time we had used this airline , check in was good , we had time to visit the star alliance lounge which was good and not too busy , we were upstairs on the Airbus 380. seating is very good and when the seat is flat you have about…"
"1312" "The Flight and the Service was as good as any airline I have flown . But the Ground Crew was Not as Nice as Korean .. But The Plane was Very Clean and I had a Great Flight . The Flight Attendants were As good as I have ever had ."
"1313" "Crews are kind and pretty. Especially, the uniform and hair style of women crews is neat. The room between each seat is larger than Jeju Air."
"1314" "My family took 15-month-old baby for family trip. They tried their best to facilitate bassinet and other accommodations for travel. Giving bassinet was a bit picky, but it was okay to understand. Meal was great. Overall, satisfied."
"1315" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1316" "Went to LA in March via Asiana. What made me book with Asiana was my desire to experience the Korea transit tour during the layover. Check in in Manila was a breeze. Take off was on time. Once on air, meal was served. The whole crew was very pleasant. The Manila-Seoul flight was…"
"1317" "The Korean carriers have always been one of my favorites. They maintain a high level of service, exercise efficient departures and landings, and usually provide a good hot meal. Asiana was no different. I was traveling through South Korea with my wife and we went to several…"
"1318" "Passengers should be aware that a few airlines are changing their policy on baggage.  As economy you are allowed 23kg but be aware, if you have two pieces they will charge you 88,000k won for any second piece checked in. Even if the two pieces are less than 23kg.  This has also…"
"1319" "Soon to retire the 777s out of LAX and use the 380s on both flights they serve per day.  Samarium great comfort nevertheless, especially if you get window seats like my wife and i did.  Comfortable sleep as the flight was the 1am departure one.  Food, service all top notch.  I…"
"1320" "The check in process was efficient however boarding was a mess. The made sure first class passengers were on board than it felt more like a free for all. Hong Kong airport is always super organize hence it was interesting when we witnessed it. The flight attendants spoke minimal…"
"1321" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1322" "asiana airlines airbus A380. is one of the best asian airlines, their plane is fitted with foot rest for your convenience, toothbrush/toothpaste and comb are readily available, slippers for everyone, even mouthwash...food is of the korean kind and very good. the only thing i…"
"1323" "Booked with this airline after recommendation ,this airline was very poor the service was poor the food terrible flight timings not good ,Seoul airport poor ,the only good thing was the aircraft was good and clean ,this airline are trying to be the big boys but are far from that…"
"1324" "I had fly from SG-Seoul then Seoul-SG by Asiana. I felt it is the worst experience that I had ever fly to my Korea trip.  Being one of the major flight operator in Korea, I do have some expectation but I am surprise to found out Asiana is really lack of basic customer service. …"
"1325" "The In Flight Entertainment is very outdated.  It must be some 10 - 20 years old version/technology.  Although you have your own screen in front of you but unlike the newer version where you can always watch a movie from the very beginning, with this very old technology/version,…"
"1326" "We fly to Asia often and this airline while good, should improve if it wants to compete with Singapore, Cathay and ANA. The A380 is a nice roomy plane but Asiana made no effort to set aside a lounge like Emirates does on their A380. The NY to Seoul flight is long but they only…"
"1327" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1328" "Nice to fly on the new A380-800.  Great plane.  The crew was exceptional and very nice.  Great food, 2 meals plus one sandwich half way.  Fun to fly on a new plane."
"1329" "Took flight Seoul - Beijing. Asiana flight is what you expect from a good airline but in this flight, I found some of basic stuff lacking. First of all, my seat belt was broken. also, there was only water and juice for beverage. The food wasn't that good either, even for plane…"
"1330" "I normally fly east to Delhi, but there are so many pitfalls attached to itineraries by the major airlines. Basically, cheap fares with an overnight wait, although fun, runs up your travel costs.  Or those inexpensive flights with an unexpected 30 minute stop in an eastern…"
"1331" "This flight crew is not friendly in the sky since I am a frequent flyer member I usually book on this airline, but this time I noticed the flight attendant more friendly if you are Korean than any other national the service given to their own country fellow are extremely…"
"1332" "I took booth airbus 380 and 777 by Asiana airline, much conformtable seats and bigger leg spaces. Foods and service were excellent! On airbus380, there 83 rows on lower level comparing with Lufthansa' 99 rows, big difference!"
"1333" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1334" "Asiana is a good airline serving Korea.  The check in went smoothly.  Remember to check in early on mobile 48 hours before flight.  If not you will end up in the back like we did.  Only 24 hour check in going or coming from the USA.  The food in the plane was average but edible.…"
"1335" "Lots of leg room & seats are wider. Great customer service including the flight stewardess. Except for the food which is not that tasty, I was overall impressed. I will not mind flying again in this airline."
"1336" "Horrible to fly from 1 am to 6 am arrival in Seoul with no bed seat! Korean Air has beds on all their redeye flights on the same route. Dont fly Asiana on this route if at all possible.  Korean Air has new cabins with flat beds.  HORRIBLE!  WILL NEVER SPEND THAT MONEY AGAIN FOR…"
"1337" "Very long flight from NYC to Seoul (later from Seoul to Tashkent). Fortunately had 2 (or even 3) seats to myself as the flight was more than half empty. In that way, was a very comfortable flight. Overall, Asiana doesn't have the standard of Singapore, Thai or Cathay, but is…"
"1338" "Disappointing. The plane was fairly new and standard, but the service and food was uneven and mostly not up to the standards of other international-non-US- airlines flying to Japan. Little irritating things like too many announcements during sleep time, limited menus for meals…"
"1339" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1340" "Having been bumped off my original flight I booked this one as I needed to be I Tokyo the next day. The flight was running two hours late so not a good start. However the aircraft was fairly comfortable. Service was very good. I have to say the food was just average. Seats were…"
"1341" "First time flying with this airline. Not disappointed. The attendants were very responsive. In flight food and entertainment very good. Seats mostly comfortable... only downside was that that they might be a bit more padded since the flights are long. Otherwise, very pleased…"
"1342" "We booked a codeshare flight which was operated by Asiana on the leg from Sydney to Seoul.  We have flown with a few different airlines and I can honestly say this flight was amongst the best we have taken.   The cabin crew were very friendly, the seats in economy had better…"
"1343" "The business class is arranged in 1-2-1 fashion.   Seat partitions are high enough to offer good privacy for each seat, giving the passenger good private space and separation from other passenger.   the seats are comfortable,  sitting upright or lie flat.   The entertainment has…"
"1344" "The seats are extremely comfortable, the flight attendants were wonderful with service. Service was fast and easy also had great on board food. Pre-Flight drinks were also available. Overall one of the best experiences ever (on a plane)."
"1345" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1346" "I have flown with Asiana many times. The airplane is extremely clean. The food is not bad. The flight attendants are extremely professional and kind compared to airlines in North America. They're also very beautiful."
"1347" "Not so great..food is not that great running out of their selection therefore you have no choice but to eat whatever's the left over on their selection. In-flight entertainment is not clear (static). Both flights (from/to) were delayed. Travel with my sister and they can't find…"
"1348" "From the check in, too the flight attendance to the food, to the seats more than enough space and very comfortable this flight on the A380, amazing plane, Asiana it's one of the top 3 airlines no question about it."
"1349" "Asiana airlines is excellent, from the moment you arrive at the airport, check into the flight, food and drinks amazing, everyone had a smile, and it was a very great experience, the A380 amazing plane"
"1350" "Check in was very easy even though my children's new passports wouldn't scan on the self check in desks, but help was at hand and problems solve in minutes.  I would of given the airline full marks if it wasn't delay for over 2 hours , suppose to depart at 20.50 pm but didn't…"
"1351" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1352" "The plane leg room is more spacious than most airline. Air bus A330. The screen size for entertainment is big. As Asiana is part of the Star Alliance. I get my profile , preference meal and gold status populated onto the  check in portal. Got my special meal on flight.   However…"
"1353" "I have flown Asiana a number of times in the past and I am always satisfied.  The staff is courteous and efficient.  The aircraft has ample leg room.  I don't care for the food; but airline food is rarely very good."
"1354" "1. Bad check in desk procedure. 2. Never do consider comfortable way for their valuable client     (include star alliance gold member) 3. Make their guest feel bad about their boarding procedure. 4. Bad enough lounge service"
"1355" "Include this flight...Asiana turn into LCC...due to their president will...So, I strongly recommend to person who will have plan to use this airline, near future...Better do cancel your schedule with this airline."
"1356" "Flying Asiana to Korea is quite an experience, service is as best as it can be, food is delicious and abundant, seat is very comfortable, the second floor of the A380 is the quietest place you can be on the air, bathrooms are spacious, and there is even a lounge at the front of…"
"1357" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1358" "A long flight, continuing on to Danang in Vietnam, also with Asiana, but it couldn't have been better for a good-value economy flight.  It's a joy to be back on an Asian airline, in this case Korean, with surprisingly good food both Asian and Western, good wines, and efficient…"
"1359" "The flight crew was amazing. They walked around throughout the flight ensuring that all passengers were comfortable and their requests fulfilled. Arriving at Incheon and then  Manila was a hassle-free experience. The same can be said for the return flights to Incheon and Los…"
"1360" "Nobody speaks English!  NO customer service!  If you join their miles after the fact, you don't get credit!  Worthless! I guess you get what you pay for!  Cheap airlines, cheap service.  We need more competitors.  There was a child in the flight who CRIED the whole 14 hours! …"
"1361" "We travel a lot and this is our first time with Asiana Airlines. Had we known we would have be flying with them sooner. Asiana was picked because of the Clark International Airport destination. Flying to Manila and then trying to get out of Manila is pure insanity with the…"
"1362" "Long leg of the flight was about 14 hours longs, pretty gruelling nearing the end of the flight especially if you're really trying to sleep and aren't used to sleeping sitting up. I really recommend bringing a good quality neck pillow, but the headrests are pretty maneuverable…"
"1363" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1364" "Let me start off by saying that I do not like flying. I get extremely nervous for the smallest of flights so when we booked our trip to Thailand, the 22+ hours of being in the sky was enough to make me physically ill. That being said, the moment we stepped aboard our plane I…"
"1365" "Great space, great aircraft, really amazing service.  From the moment I stepped on the aircraft I felt the crew was very attentive."
"1366" "Asiana limit to 1 language per person with a weight 23kg Over limit will charge USD 50. Excess language per piece is USD 120. Check in staff was not helpful enough, my aunt was being charge due to counter staff never give us chance to repack our things cause there is 2 language…"
"1367" "I think Asian airlines have a plus, and this is service. In Asiana, service is excellent, the flight attendants are courteous, always smiling and ready to help. Food was very good also with a choice between Korean and International cuisine. Choice of wines was clever, there was…"
"1368" "I have take the flight OZ750 from hkg-ICN , it was amazing. The cabin crew were so nice and helpful.Also the girls are so beautiful."
"1369" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1370" "Asiana always gives me pleasant trip. All employee  are very kind. flight is very clean and kind service.  All provided food is great to me.  drinking is also very easy reachable."
"1371" "Economy will aways be a challenge due to the compact seating and the fidgety chiildren especially on a 11 hour flight, flight schedule was changed by 2 hours however we were told a day in advance so this was not a problem on arrival at the gate they provided additional snacks…"
"1372" "Travelled in Asiana first time between Yuzhno and Incheon which was handled by A321 aircraft. A good alternative to Arora between these two locations. The service was excellent in both business and economy (travelled both in different trips). The in flight entertainment allows…"
"1373" "Enjoyed our flights round-trip to Tokyo through Seoul.  Good experience with the airline, everyone pleasant.  Meal service good, choice of western or Asian meals.  Beverage service a bit skimpy.  Amenities better than expected for economy - slippers, headphones, blanket &…"
"1374" "I had very bad experience although i had very good experience before. we stayed 45 minutes simply in a queue in airport. there were about 10 windows but only 4-5 ladies while on the other side there were lots of counters for ELITE members! once onboard they served \"chicken rice\"…"
"1375" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1376" "It was my second time to experience Asiana Airlines - same average experience from my first time and from the other many flights I've experienced. Nothing extraordinary. Service and food as expected. Not on the negative side, it is just I am desiring for something new and…"
"1377" "Compare with most airlines flying the Toronto to Hong Kong route, Asiana stood head and shoulder above the rest. From the first step into the cabin to final arrival, service had been great through out. However, most impressive was the airline food! Top notch ingredients,…"
"1378" "Asiana airlines is amazing. The service staff is polite and very attentive. We were served a light meal as the flight was only 3 hours but you lose an hour once you land. It was unusual to take a railed shuttle to the baggage area but it was nice. Keeping the two terminals…"
"1379" "I chose the transit flight from Fukuoka to Bangkok. Asiana has a kinda strict luggage rule, you can only carry one luggage of maximum 23 kg comparing to 30 kg and 2 luggages of Thai Air. The airplane from Incheon to Bangkok was maybe A380 something which has 2 floors, and it was…"
"1380" "I saw great reviews for this airlines on their JFK-ICN (New York - Seoul) flight.  It was great.  Even on economy, legroom was adequate. Seat were not as confortable, but for a 14 hrs flight wasn't terrible.  In flight entertainment was great.  Many options to choose from. …"
"1381" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1382" "Flight attendants never stop service during the entire flight of 11 hours. When talking with passengers, all attendants drop to their knees in a very respectful manners, rarely seen in many other airlines. Food selection was fine if you are not picky. I found the Sea Bass to be…"
"1383" "Family Reunion - Treated us with smiles and very courteously. They even bow to you before each take off, when giving instructions, just in case the plane crashes from 30,000 + feet in air and happened to survive. The food was good and customized to the route we were taking. So…"
"1384" "This airline always offers excellent service and the food in Economy class is so much better than other airlines. It is always a pleasure flying with them and service has always been good. Free alcohol on international flights and a good choice of wine too. The newer planes…"
"1385" "Over the years , I have flown on many airlines, Asiana is undoubtedly one of the best. They were recently voted the airline with the best economy class and this is well deserved. They have a fleet of modern Boeing and Airbus aircraft including the double decker A380.  The…"
"1386" "The business class 'pod' seats are poorly designed and in my opinion the worst of major airlines flying the trans-pacific routes. The major complaint is the 'knee knocker' hinge of the folding table. Given the narrow leg room, my knee constantly is in contact with the hinge and…"
"1387" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1388" "I've flown this route twice. It's a long haul across the Pacific (14 hours),  but there are spots where you can stretch. The attendants are cheerful and helpful, as are the gate staff. These flights were much more enjoyable than my recent flights on US flagged carriers. The next…"
"1389" "Service that matches Cathay or Singapore Air at mid range prices. Very attentive staff and punctual arrivals and departures. Nice biz lounge in ultra modern and efficient Seoul / Incheon airport too."
"1390" "The flight more than 10 hours is tough, but Asiana's stewardesses have created very comfortable atmosphere! I really enjoyed that time: very attentive and friendly, always smiling)) Elegant and sophisticated, charming girls! I am very grateful for high-professional service!!!…"
"1391" "I have travelled a lot in the past decades, but never experience such an airline treating the passengers in such arrogant ways. Some 20 minutes after the plane took off, a flight attendant would like to check my son's meal with me while I was fallen asleep. The crew waken me up…"
"1392" "We flew from London to Sydney via Seoul in Jan 2015.   The service and entertainment are very good with this airline. How ever I was a little bit disappointed with the food options - I think it is because I am a fussy eater though!!  Because our lay over in Seoul was for more…"
"1393" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1394" "Comfortable planes, good seats, fine meals, friendly personnel, cots for baby's and very careful staff for little children. Book in time and reasonably priced, both in economy as in business. We did outbound in economy and return in business. Both categories same comments.…"
"1395" "I was very impressed with the crew and the plane. The pilot made the flight exceptionally pleasant and the food served was fantastic! I flew economy, but kept looking around, at first, wondering if they had upgraded me! Seats were comfortable with in flight movies and music.…"
"1396" "We rode SFO-SGN by way of Inchon, in whatever they call economy class.  Seats were comfortable (I'm 6'4\" 240#) and the entertainment screen offered maps, info, TV, and movies.  The service was excellent.  They rarely sat down, constantly circulating with drinks, snacks, 2 hot…"
"1397" "I am top tier elite flyer in all three major airline alliances. Asiana Airlines to me is one of the best airlines when it comes to service.  The FAs bend backwards to be helpful and very proactive and friendly. FAs rush to the toilets to clean after every passenger.  Jackets are…"
"1398" "This flight has 2 legs, Bangkok to Seoul (around 5 hours) and Seoul to LA (around 12 hours). At the first leg, I had opportunity to free upgrade to first class (but service and menu were same as business class). Huge private space with big monitor. I enjoyed Korean food.…"
"1399" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1400" "Very attentive and caring staff, always there to help as needed and handled all request efficiently and with a smile."
"1401" "Chose this airline to fly instead of Chinese airlines which would have been more direct and less expensive. Food was average and the aircraft we were on 330 were old and tv screens were small. Compared to Emirates that we frequently use for long haul or Singapore Airlines, this…"
"1402" "Flew from London to Sydney changing at Asian's main hub at Seoul Incheon.   We booked 8 months in advance via Expedia which did not go well after Asiana cancelled the onward flight from Seoul to Sydney, changing it to alternate days. After a week of stress aggravation we finally…"
"1403" "I fly with an oxygen concentrator on United all the time. Had to leave battery in SGN airport they say can pick it when I return.   Was asked to change my seat. I did but felt like was in cage where they placed me...when I expressed that  I went to my original seat.   Helpful…"
"1404" "This was the cheapest flight we could find, but I was a little apprehensive because my wife once flown on another airline from Korea and they only serve Korean food. But on Asiana they give you a western meal option. Going to Honolulu, I had a stopover in Incheon then a return…"
"1405" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1406" "I had flown several different airlines ( about 17 of them ) and this is another added airline to my flight experience. I must say flying Asiana Airlines proved to be noteworthy. I had a very pleasant flight experience flying from Seoul to Seattle. The staff  ( flight  attendants…"
"1407" "The flight personnel go out of their way to help the Handicap to family's with small children. The flight crew has always been very kind upon request for a snack to a glass of water. The food is ok for airline food. This Airlines is one of the best I have flown overseas.  I have…"
"1408" "I was hesitant to try Asiana at first, but since it was on sale, I booked it. The flight attendants were courteous and always offered refreshments. The food didn't disappoint me too. I opted to book for the upper deck economy seats on the flight to JFK. It was my first time to…"
"1409" "My first time flying with Asiana Airlines and it left great impression. The service was good. And probably because it was not peak season, I got a good price.  I loved the in flight entertainment service. Lots of choice"
"1410" "Check In - 5 Star  Priority Handling on Baggage - 2 Star  They have different tiers even for priority baggage.  You can be the highest tier member but if you're on economy, don't expect your bags anytime soon.  Lounge - 5 Star (Their lounge is one of the best in the world)  At…"
"1411" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1412" "They REALLY need to upgrade their planes and re-train their staff.  The mother company Asiana is a Korean company.  How is it that their staff, regardless of where they are in the world, speaks NO Korean OR English?!?  Check-In was a nightmare.    The cabin was dirty and…"
"1413" "This started out at a different airport from what I was used to.  I think it was their older main one.  However, the service was excellent.  The staff was knowledgeable and friendly and efficient.  Check-in was painless and a breeze.  The plane was a bit older, but the flight…"
"1414" "The front desk/check in counter people are not as friendly as they used to be.  Everything was very robotic.  The plane was outdated, and they are getting cheap with their services.  Food quality and amenities went down.  (By the way, I am one of the highest tier members for…"
"1415" "A good flight the service was exceptional and I loved the headphones instead of earbuds to listen to the movie and videos. The meal was definitely a joy it appeared to be home country food well prepared and very warm . I took this flight took get around a cat fight Vietnam and…"
"1416" "Stood in line for almost an hour at Auckland airport to check in -was a lot faster on return flight from Gold coast although our flight left over half an hour late. Seats are not great, planes could do with a facelift. Staff ok, improvements could be made. The one meal I had…"
"1417" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1418" "Appalling communication, notifying after departure for the airport. On arrival, I was told the flight WAS departing on time when the boards said there was a 4 hour delay. There were no announcements so I went into the departures area to be told there was yet another delay. There…"
"1419" "What a fabulous experience! Considering the flight was loooooong Asiana made it as comfortable as possible! The meals were absolutely delicious like in the olden days of US airlines complete with silverware and multi courses in economy class! The seats are wide and leg room…"
"1420" "The public relation officer on the check in counter in Tianjin attending to my problem is woeful and poorly trained. I was not allowed to board this flight because I missed my earlier flight from Incheon to Tianjin due to late arrival of the aircraft. I was told as a result of…"
"1421" "This was a really good flight. The plane left exactly as per the schedule and arrived in Seoul on time. The flight staff were very accommodating and looked after us well. We had a baby with us and the flight attendants ensured that she was well looked after. Slippers, blankets…"
"1422" "Airbus A380 flight from JFK. Very quiet upstairs. Sleeper seats. Korean hospitality was superb. Very attentive cabin staff. Meals average for airline food but good choice of mains or snacks at any time. Nice wines. Asiana tends to keep the cabin quite warm and if you are…"
"1423" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1424" "Excellent flight, comfortable seat and very helpful ground and flight crew. Meal served during flight was delicious. Highly recommended."
"1425" "My first experience with Asiana was perfect. The flights were on time, the flight attendants were extremely friendly, and the Korean option of the food even included fresh Kimchi. Just perfect. Even a long stop-over in Incheon is absolutely endurable since the airport offers a…"
"1426" "It was my mom's first time experience flying to Korea and i choose Asiana. The seat was comfortable and the service was great. For the menu they served korean food and casual/neutral food too, so don't be afraid that you can't eat."
"1427" "Travelling with Asiana Air is always a joy. The whole process from booking through check-in and the actual flight went without a hitch.  Cabin service always attentive and efficient. Everything done with the minimum of fuss.  Business does give more room - I must admit.  First…"
"1428" "one of the best airlines to fly across the pacific if you are flying to asia.  no mistake.  service on board is great; cabin crew are very polite and courteous.  and that's on economy.  i flew on the same airline a couple of years ago on business class,  and i was really…"
"1429" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1430" "We flew from the Philippines with Asiana to Seoul , we had unfortunately a longer stopover than previously estimated since a problem occurred with the plane from Seoulmto Los Angeles, But we had the great idea to splurge for Asiana Executive Lounge for the both of us, we had…"
"1431" "My wife and I flew Asiana to visit out daughter and son-in-law's family in Korea.  We booked the flights through Aisana but United was the partner for the USA legs.  First, we were pleasantly surprised to learn that Asiana gives you two free checked bags each; and, that fact…"
"1432" "I usually take this flight every 2 mo back and forth to Asia,It's been 10 yrs.The menu do not change very much,so I can't enjoy the food served,also after I am done with the meal, I left to the lavatory,came back to my seat and the dishes were still on my seat table,not pick up…"
"1433" "I was dreading it! 11 hours in a plane. The longest I'd ever done before was 4 hours. Make sure you get a direct flight. I did. Get an aisle seat they said. More difficult because I messed up the check in at Heathrow T2. But I was lucky. I sat next to a Korean professor who…"
"1434" "Flying to Aus with GrandMa can be an ordeal but the srevice on the flights was excellent. Good food and lie flat seats on the first leg Lhr to Seoul- 777; second leg was the older style seats but still very comfortable and a roomy cabin"
"1435" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1436" "What a great experience! The flight attendants were so nice and the food was really good too (for airplane food). The seats were comfortable and there were no delays. Asiana is so organized I would recommend it to anyone.   I think part of my 'excellent' rating was that I was…"
"1437" "It's the best choice to fly to Korea by Asiana Airlines. Very good service. Staffs & flight attendants were very helpful, kind and friendly. A380 - Upper Deck is great. You will get more storage on the side to keep your stuffs. Please select \"Bibimbap\" for your meal. In-flight…"
"1438" "Great airline, service, comfort....nothing bad to say. If you have a chance to fly business on this airline you will remember it as it is much better than north American airlines!"
"1439" "We flew Asiana as part of our Honeymoon trip.  It was tough to find routes from HNL to SYD so we had to go 10 hours to Seoul and then 10 hours Seoul to SYD.  The business class service is excellent. Better than business class service on other carriers.  The service was flawless…"
"1440" "Getting ready for a 12 hour flight from London to Seoul, greeted by the very charming Korean hostesses, the first item I’m offered is a lovely pair of slippers, perfect. This is very quickly followed with a drink.  I found the seating comfortable, with good access to charge my…"
"1441" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1442" "Asiana is a great airline.  Check in, boarding and seating was great.  Our seats had a lot of legroom compared with Korean and Hawaiian.  The flight crew was super friendly and efficient.  The food and beverages were really good.  They treat everyone like first class passengers.…"
"1443" "New planes, spacious, excellent service. only thing, not on time.... But in general a very good experience"
"1444" "Most uncomfortable flight ever, seats were very uncomfortable and there is no leg room if you are average to tall height. Would not fly long distance with them again. I would fly in and out of Brisbane withThai Airways to Bangkok and on to Phuket."
"1445" "Very sweet polite, accommodating,  pleasant staff ,  willing to get you any beverage you needed and I am an avid tea drinker.  What I appreciated most is they appeared genuinely  concerned you had everything you needed to be comfortable.  This was a definite plus on a long haul…"
"1446" "Good things first.  The economy class seats are spacious and for a guy like me( 6 feet 1 inches) there was ample leg room. Also the staff was very friendly and cordial . They were always ready to help with a smile on their face( I have encountered horrible staff in some of the…"
"1447" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1448" "The staff were friendly everyone from checking in at the counter to disembarking at LAX. The flight attendants are very attentive and friendly. The only complaint are the earphones they are terrible for hearing a moving cutting in and out. I suggest better quality! Great service!"
"1449" "I am very happy with the service of Asiana Airlines. It is not my first time flying with Asiana but it is the first time I had a layover in Korea. The service is really good. The economy seats have a comfortable leg room. The meals were good. The crew were nice. I just hope they…"
"1450" "Note: I am an Asiana frequent flyer club member, but I do shop around when making bookings. I found Asiana almost always offer a competitive price, which is another primary consideration aside from safety record of the airline.  For this particular flight, it's a typical Asiana…"
"1451" "I have been flying with Asiana airline since 2005. Good service, never really had any experience with delay, friendly staff, and upgrade to business class time to time. I fly Asiana because it's a part of star alliance group and I fly with Thai airline and Singapore airline…"
"1452" "Cabin crews were indeed excellent, they were at all time in stand-by mode to assist passenger.  The downside from the flight was they ran out passenger toiletries kit, they were extremely apologetic about this though."
"1453" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1454" "A flight likes this affirms the decline of Asiana Airlines from premium status. The plane is an ancient Boeing 767, maybe 30 years old, with little for in-air entertainment on a 5-hour flight... tiny and unclear in-seat screens with only about 4 movies on a UI from the days of…"
"1455" "This was actually the first flight with my 8-months daughter. Despite being a frequent flyer, this exact flight was nervous from the very beginning because not knowing how such a small child would act in the aircraft :)  The check-in was perfect, we arrived just 20 minutes…"
"1456" "We took the night flight from India to Los Angeles via Seoul OZ768. We sat for awhile on the plane. The plane controls the total plane temperature. There are no individual air vents. My husband began turning red and needed direct air. He has had heat stroke before and we have to…"
"1457" "We booked our return flights to Bali from Sydney with Asiana premium flatbed. It was incredibly comfortable and the service was attentive and very helpfull. The blanket and cushions were luxurios and the price difference to other airlines for economy was minor.  We enjoyed the…"
"1458" "Ponctual flights, very polite personnel, good food and service onboard. We took this company to fly to Bali through Seoul (40 hours total) and it definitely helped to have a nice flight experience. Only negative point is the lack of cleaning during the flight.  Seats are…"
"1459" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1460" "Great flight enjoyed experience, crew are helpful. Partner with Emirates for those links you don't want to go back to Dubai for"
"1461" "When checking flights I always check layover times and Asiana seems to have the shortest when traveling from New York to Vietnam and their prices are the same or less than other airlines.  The staff is friendly and the inflight service is good.  Definitely recommend checking…"
"1462" "Pros: - very good and attentive staff - really good food - one of my top favourite carriers - direct flight - has late night flights  Cons: - Price is also rather expensive (buy during sale periods) - they have recently changed to 1 PIECE, 23KG baggage allowance even for within…"
"1463" "My flights were satisfactory & good overall , except for 1 hour delay from Manila & 30 minutes delay from Seoul to LAX. The admirable attributes are the announcements with reasons for delays ( connections ) posted at the gates both times."
"1464" "I flew with Asiana Airline for a short haul flight 3h. The staff was really warm and helpful, the service very good and the meal as well. In economy class everything was perfect,  I imagine how could it be in business class... I bet: a five star hospitality!"
"1465" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1466" "Very nice and helpful crew, Beautiful planes, good piloting, and very comfy. Lots of extras even in Economy. It was like first class would be on any other airline. Superb food, seating, facilities, and people"
"1467" "Seat comfort and leg room was fine, but I'm short legged.  Entertainment was very good, with a good selection of movies and music.  Music tracks repeat after about 2 hours, a bad deal for a 10 hour plus flight.  Flight attendants are friendly and attentive.  Food, some of the…"
"1468" "This was by far the most wonderful flight my husband and I have taken. First class is a private suite with a duvet covered bed and amazing food. We had an ounce of Osetra caviar each! Just one course of the meal. This was first class all the way. It's a really long flight and we…"
"1469" "This was my first trip to Korea in 38 yrs and first time flying with Asiana Airlines. I can't say how nice they made our 13 hr flight so nice and smooth. I have to say not only was the flight smooth sailing but there flight attendants are 5 star all the way around. Airline plane…"
"1470" "I was taking a long trip from Los Angeles to SE Asia (multiple ports), and to and from LAX. I had never heard of Asiana Airlines before (first time flying to this part of the world) and was pleasantly surprised over and over. The flight attendants were some of the nicest I'd…"
"1471" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1472" "We chose this flight to complete our recent trip to Japan mainly for scheduling convenience. We had never used Asiana previously, and weren't sure what to expect. Online reviews were positive, so we picked a route from Narita to San Francisco by way of Seoul.   We were very…"
"1473" "Was very impressed with everything, flight, food, entertainment.  I usually used Korean Air, however found Asiana on same level with  lower price.  Also, for layover, airport in Seoul is one of the best"
"1474" "What a freakin' nightmare this was. It started when my flight from Lansing, MI to Chicago was so late I missed my first flight (where I was confirmed 1st Class). Whenever I went up to the counter I was never recognized as a 1K flyer. I would think the gate people would want to…"
"1475" "I found the flight attendants very impertinent and rude...smiling but not warm. Their command of English was rudimentary at best which is scary not only for overall safety but it is the international airline language!  I'd ordered vegetarian meals which were AWFUL. When I asked…"
"1476" "Both Korean airlines do a fine job of keeping you well fed, entertained, and comfortable.  Their new A380   is terrific.  The flight attendants perfectly kept and attentive. Press the call button and they are there in a flash.  Food is generally good but not as good as Korean. I…"
"1477" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1478" "Even in Economy you are treated very well. The restrooms are very clean and well stocked with tooth brushes,toothpaste and facial toner. The food always amazing as well as personal inflight entertainment."
"1479" "I used this airline twice to go from LAX to Siem Reap, Cambodia in February and March 2015. By going through their website, I was able to not only get a good price, but also choose an aisle seat for both parts of the 17 hour flight. Compared to the US airlines I've been on, I…"
"1480" "Smiling team, good food, selection of entertainment movies and TV could be better. Right on time will fly with them again."
"1481" "I flew on their A380 and I must say, this is one of the best flights I have ever been on.  I have rode First Class in their 747 which is great, but there is nothing like First on the A380.  You have basically your own suite with closing door.  There is more room than you know…"
"1482" "I fly Asiana 20 years ago and felt the were a very good airline. Just recently flew from JFK to BKK on Asiana and was very impressed by the airlines improvement. First the A380-800 Asiana uses is a great Airliner even though it is \"Airbus!\" Only kidding. The plane is gargantuan…"
"1483" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1484" "I like Asiana Airlines a great deal. The food and personal service in business class is great, if not a little mechanical in delivery. I have flown incheon-sydney route quite a few times, on time departures are an opportunity to improve on to be honest, so dont plan to jump off…"
"1485" "Have flown to VietNam multiple times and found Asiana to be a very comfortable, clean airline.  The flight attendants were attentive and the restrooms were spotless, not only when we departed but they were maintained throughout the flight.  With personal toothbrushes and foil…"
"1486" "The seating is reasonably spacious for an economy cabin. The attendants are polite and friendly and speak adequate English. The food is more Korean than international and the choices are limited. The entertainment too is basic for international travellers but all in all a good…"
"1487" "Best and prompt service.  Entertainment video  equipment is great.  Movie choices are excellent. Meals are great.  Flight attendants do really ATTEND to you.  FORGET other airlines operate in America....  try Asiana and you can feel the difference in service and overall flying…"
"1488" "Old 777 with bed that was not flat.  Service was as expected, nothing to write home about.  Was a bit disappointed that they didn't move the passenger beside me to an empty row considering the cabin was mostly empty."
"1489" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1490" "the A380 upstairs was just so quiet.  Flat bed was really flat, I slept like a log.  Food was OK, movie selection was OK"
"1491" "My wife and I left ORD early morning for our flight to ICN. The flight left on time and first and business class were first to board.. We were greeted by the staff and provided with an amenity bag. A menu and wine list was also provided.  The attendent took our meal order as we…"
"1492" "I've flown to the Philippines three times in the last three years--the first time on United Airlines and promised myself never again on United (flight cancelled, bad service etc., etc.). So the second time I decided to try a different airline and decided to try to fly the new…"
"1493" "Cabin was very dated and dirty. Seats old, no lumber support, chunky and uncomfortable arm-rests restrict space. Broken lop-sided tray table on both flights! TV screen first generation, tiny, grainy and dark. Only 4 choice of new release movies. My friends headphone jack didn't…"
"1494" "I travelled 4 segments on Asiana on a recent packaged tour (Hong Kong - Incheon - Jeju and back).   Last time I flew Asiana was about 9 years ago (plane old, noisy, faulty cargo door).   This time I found it pleasant - I felt the seat pitch was an inch or inch and a half longer…"
"1495" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1496" "We flew Asiana from LA to Manila in the summer. We have heard much about how great Asiana Airlines is and so had high expectations. The service and the food was fine, nothing exceptional though. The food was okay. They served bibimbap twice. They ran out of the chicken quickly.…"
"1497" "My first flight with Asiana was uneventful and that is a good thing. Economy seats are reasonably spacious and I am 189cm. Still squashed when they put their seats back though.  The service is on the poor side if you don't speak Korean.  Difficult to get more than one half…"
"1498" "I used this airline for first time recently and the overhall quality is average.  Pro: - Very good food, with two options at the same time.  Cons: - Very bad entertainment system, the worst so far in the Star Alliance - Unconfortable seats - The lounge at ICN is terrible:…"
"1499" "Small hint: on some routes Asiana uses a 3class A380 aircraft but operates 2class. So you can book a business class ticket and enjoy the first class cabin with businee class treats. one of these routes is ICN-HKG. You just have to browse the seat map and reserve a seat in the…"
"1500" "This was the 2nd time I flew Asiana.  I'm not flying American based airlines after I experience excellent customer service such as Asiana.   The food was good and the service was excellent.  The flight attendants were nice and friendly.  Unlike their American counterpart where…"
"1501" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1502" "Way back 2015, I had a flight from Manila to Norfolfk, Virginia.  This is a review for CONNECTION FLIGHT (Manila to Incheon / Incheon to Chicago via Asiana Airlines and I was connectd w/ a local carrier from Chicago to Norfolk, VA)  For an 12 hour flight (I guess) I booked on an…"
"1503" "We had excellent customer service at the ticketing booth and while boarding the plane. We were SO shocked at the insane legroom we had on our flight. We had more room on this plane in regular economy than we have had on any Delta or United flight where we paid for premium…"
"1504" "Not so terrible although the flight was completely full both directions. Had an economy window seat which made it very difficult to use the restroom. Entertainment was a little dated (slightly old B777-200 aircraft) but the food and cabin service was perfectly adequate. Flight…"
"1505" "After using Asiana 7 times to SE Asia, I finally was forced by price to use their own website to book my next trip - WHAT A DISASTER! The airline told me that my cr card was refused, so I made a second attempt at booking, but with the same negative result. I then called my cr…"
"1506" "Making this long haul flight I was impressed with the customer service I received from check in until landing. The on board staff were attentive and friendly making this a most enjoyable flight. The Star Alliance lounge in LAX added to the experience."
"1507" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1508" "There were several legs to this trip, none of which departed on time.  Thankfully, the layover between flights was long enough that it didn't matter but it would have been nice to get to my destination sooner since I had someone waiting for me there.  But in particular, the…"
"1509" "I recently used miles for one way travel from Korea to LA on Asiana. I was in seat 1A. Overall the plane was amazingly quiet and spacious. Flight was bout 14 hours. Food was good but was presented in a very Formal presentation. I could have done with a little more casual meal.…"
"1510" "Nice staff. Food is good. The touch screen in TV is not sensitive enough. Also, some passengers bring too much hand-carry luggages and put in the overhead cabinet. Other passengers have no room to put their luggages."
"1511" "This time, my wife and I flew from Osaka to Qingdao with Asiana. Although we had to transfer at Seoul, Korea, our flights on business class were quite comfortable and relaxing. Compared with other airlines, I found the meal is just so so. Since the flight time is limited, we…"
"1512" "Good airline, professional ground services, on-time and some positive surprises: a lot of space between the seats (even in economy) and two complete hot meals (whereas a lot of airlines would have opted for one hot meal and a snack)."
"1513" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1514" "Their customer service is the worst in the world. I called them multiple times, their representative's accent is worst. Don't ever go through this flight, better off go on Cathay."
"1515" "My route of my trip was delayed ,from JFK via Seoul to Bkk because of the connecting flight,cabin crew couldn't answer anything but the service in flight was good."
"1516" "Asiana is a wonderful airline. The flight attendants are very considerate, courteous and friendly. The plane is clean and the seats are comfortable (for an airplane). The food is pretty good overall. I have no huge complaints about this airline. I prefer this airline over…"
"1517" "great food, nice attendants, a lot of space and smooth ride. and when you stop over in korea, they have free city tour in seoul. really a great value for the money"
"1518" "short flight with Asiana, they provide cold meal both from Icn and Kix. service is really good and everything is nice, but every time when i fly with Asiana, i always think that they need to improve their entertainments system.. can't really enjoy it."
"1519" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1520" "dont take thisflight the angle flats seats are terrible,the food and drinks are fine book from lax and get lie flat seats or book from new york for better comord same price or same amount of air miles"
"1521" "Ho chi minh, Kota kinabalu, Weihai, Cebu, Palau, Fukuoka, etc.  This airlines was my favorite one. The price was a little higher than small airlines, but all was good. Except number of destination, the Asiana airline didn't yield against rival company in Korea. I wish more…"
"1522" "We flew from TPE to ICN with HL7792 used on OZ712 of Asiana Airlines.  With 150 EUR per person, this was the most expensive flight on our east asia round trip. However, for several other so-called \"low cost\" carriers, we still paid 100 bucks and were rewarded with an abysmal…"
"1523" "Asiana is one of the few airlines in the world that's really enjoyable to fly. Asiana is also one of the few carriers that's still rather classy! My last trip to Vietnam on Asiana (March 2016) was no exception, it was wonderful. While no airline in the world is perfect, Asiana…"
"1524" "The first time I flew this airline was in 2009. It was a family trip with my mom, and we had never heard of this airline - so we really didn't know what to expect. We had flown Singapore Airlines and Cathay Pacific in Business Class, and so were accustomed to premiere service…"
"1525" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1526" "First time using Asiana Airlines and I'm very satisfied with their services. Very friendly and attentive staff."
"1527" "I flew from LAX to MNL stopping over at ICN (Korea), May 16-20. The Business class was very nice and comfortable; especially service attitudes of the flight attendants were above the other carriers. However, I want to make a comment about the lounges in ICN (the stop over in…"
"1528" "We have been flying with this airline for since 2008.  We loved to fly with this airline because of kindness of staff and pilot safely flying with minimal air pockets.  Also last time we fly (2015), I've got free plane ticket to the Manila.  We will still keep on flying with…"
"1529" "My flight was on time, free of any delays and done well with any special diet requests. The food was tasty, good presentation and nice selection of spirits/drinks. Little things count also ie. eye shades, slippers and toothbrushes in the restroom. They were very prompt to return…"
"1530" "Have tried Asiana Airlines to Seoul for twice. First experience was not really good as the flight to and flow has delayed for about an hour, despite the delay, I must say 'Well done crew', the crew service is excellent, was bringing my handicapped dad for the trip and they take…"
"1531" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1532" "Impressive all round - the cabin crew are very responsive and attentive, on time departure and slightly early arrival.  I slept quite well in the sleeper seats.  Altogether a pleasant flight and that does not happen too often these days.  The small lounge area in the business…"
"1533" "Asiana Airlines is part of the Star Alliance network, along with United Airlines. We booked an award flight through United and were placed on Asiana flights for two of our international connections. I was a little nervous to book with Star Alliance as I've had several negative…"
"1534" "We did not know about this airline before. Everything, from staff to service, food, inflight entertainment and seats, was impressive and made our trip one to remember. I have absolute no problem to recommend this airline. We will fly with them again."
"1535" "My girlfriend and I took the 12:20am redeye flight from LAX to ICN, but our actual destination was KIX (Osaka) so - take my word for it - flying 5 hours from IAD to LAX, 13 hours to Korea, and another 1.5 hours to Japan made for a TORTUROUS time.  I did not sleep a wink on the…"
"1536" "Great service and attentive, well trained and well-meaning attendants.  Always a positive experience.  The crew on Asiana flights always take the time to make you feel welcome."
"1537" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1538" "I can never forget the Korean meal provided on flight, it's the best flight meal I've had. KBBQ served together with several kinds of vegetables, and some side dishes. The seat is also comfortable. The screen is a bit small and has low resolution."
"1539" "This was my first time traveling with this airlines, always flew Korean Air for some reason, the seats were comfortable, the food was very good but what impressed me the most was the professionalism and friendliness of the flight attendants, they were amazing, they were…"
"1540" "Great food - check.  Comfortable business class seats - check.  Nice lounge - check.  Outstanding professional service - check.    This was the most enjoyable flight I've ever had.  It was my first time traveling to Asia, the flight was more than 12 hours, and I wanted to make…"
"1541" "Friendly, helpful and efficient service in clean and comfortable aircraft. Had a lengthy stopover at Incheon Airport, Seoul, Korea which is an excellent airport with great amenities. I would recommend this airline without hesitation!"
"1542" "Flew as a couple - a very expensive flight but the business class was worth it for the 14 hours journey. Service is very good and even though no status holder with the airline alliance the service is fine and personalized. Seats are very conformable and the 2 inner seat give a…"
"1543" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1544" "The staff were very warm and friendly, very accommodating. Evident that they try their best to answer to our every request. The looked snappy and neat in their uniforms and appear to be always composed.  Loved their food, couldn't even remember a time when I was not NOT eating…"
"1545" "This was our first Asiana Airlines (AA) flights. We traveled often with the Korean Airlines (KAL), and were nervous about AA services.  AA offered excellent price for our travel destination, hence we purchased tickets.  AA has definitely a horrible website, which does not seem…"
"1546" "Following Aeroflot cancelling my flight at the last minute, I was transferred onto a Asiana flight. What lovely helpful people both at the airport and on the flight. They knew I had a 10 hour wait between flights and arranged food or me both at the airport and on the plane.…"
"1547" "I flew ICN-VIE today, changing in LHR ... the itenerary gave me just an hour layover in LHR (which is the absolute minimum according to their own rule). The flight was great, but there was traffic in both ICN and LHR, so i missed my connection to Vienna. What i really liked was,…"
"1548" "I flew to Manila from LAX via Incheon and the total experience has always been great. I love that the choice of food is either Korean or Western. Sometimes I feel like one or the other. The flight attendants are always helpful and kind. The entertainment console is excellent as…"
"1549" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1550" "Overall good airline, food is good (for airplane food), good price on a ticket. I just seem to always get the 5 hour or more layover."
"1551" "Korean company, using 737 for this route. staff very polite and helpfull. only one alternative for food selection."
"1552" "Great experience flying Business Class Asiana. Very kind and polite staff, accommodating to every request. Food options a bit limited for people with certain allergies, but they helped me the best they could. Disappointed that the amenity kit was only from BKK back to LA, but…"
"1553" "The seats were comfortable, the food was plentiful but the American movie had poor quality so was not able to watch it.  But the information screen kept us updated on where we were, how fast we were going, how cold it was outside, etc."
"1554" "Got a very cheap flight ticket with Asiana. Nevertheless when we arrived early at the airport they instantly booked us on an earlier flight free of charge and with unmatched friendlieness. When this flight was delayed 10min they advised passangers 30min ahead of the possible…"
"1555" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1556" "I've flown Asian Airlines a total of 6 times. It's safe to say I trust them and will continue to use them! Their in-flight entertainment is always great with a wide selection of new releases, old favourites, and worldwide movies. The seats are comfortable and as spacious as…"
"1557" "This was a short flight from Osaka to Seoul and took about 1 hour and 45 minutes. The departure was on time and the attendants were very efficient helping the passengers to put up their purchases into the overhead compartments. Many hands make light work!   I managed to watch an…"
"1558" "Great Korean hospitality on board.  Staff are respectful, non-intrusive and cordial. You feel pampered at all times. Good selection of meals, western and Asian, great variety of wines. The seats are not as reclining as other airlines in this class, but I had never flown a A321…"
"1559" "flew from Bangkok to phuket Thailand, this 'budget' airline out performed tickets were reasonable, every thing was on time, stewardesses were friendly and beautiful"
"1560" "Topnotch from check-in to landing. Airport staff and flight attendance were extremely considerate, organized and very attentive. In-flight food and drink service excellent as well. Our flight was late leaving due to a late connecting flight from another airport."
"1561" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1562" "The crew were very nice and smiling all the time. The food was great and healthy. The seats were comfortable enough to expect an airline seat. They were on time."
"1563" "Have been using Asiana Airlines coming from Seattle to Manila and have used the free option to change our going home date.  This time over the rules seem to have change and the airline seems to only have very specific dates and times you can change over too.  We were trying for…"
"1564" "Exceptional value for money compared to other airlines on this route but great service throughout.  The Cabin crew could not have been more helpful and attentive. The food was very good, the in flight entertainment was varied enough for most interests and the chair was very…"
"1565" "the best experience of my life!! amazing food, amazing people. this is one of my top 1 airlines . than you!! The flight was delay so they pay to change my connecting flight in LA .  the service was amazing. no doubt ill travel in this airline when im in Asia,."
"1566" "On a trip from Brisbane to Vancouver and back, booked through an on-line site; L4L.  Fare was around twice premium economy - all flights worked.  Airlines included Singapore, Thai, Air Canada and Asian Airlines.  Singapore and Thai were, as expected very good.  Air Canada was…"
"1567" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1568" "When you also in economy want to have an upgraded experience, then Asiana Airlines is a valuable option. Very comfortable seating, personal intern entertainment program, which in many other airlines, is only at business class. Our 3 hours flight swiftly passed away and we…"
"1569" "This flight while long was comfortable and the food was pretty good but not great as one would imagine in coach these days. I have flown other airlines to the Asian sector, and would say Singapore airlines and Cathay are a step above.. i chose this airline mostly on price as…"
"1570" "For a 2 hour flight from Seoul, Korea to Narita, Japan I did not expect too many frills, but to not even have any form of seat entertainment (even in Business Class) was rather surprising.  The plane was an Airbus A320.  Bring a book or headphones to listen to your iPad/iPhone…"
"1571" "This is my first International flight to Hong Kong.  The service on this airline is exceptional throughout the entire flight.  The food was delicious and they offered free in-flight entertainment with unlimited movies.  I was also thrilled to ride on the A380 - this plane is…"
"1572" "Going there was a lot of room, nearly everyone had a row of 3 seats for themselves.  The food was amazing and simply the best Ive ever had on an airline.  Also, dozens of current movies available on demand...a great flight.  Coming back there were only 2 empty seats...movie…"
"1573" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1574" "Seats were comfy and good amount of leg room as we are both tall. Two seats together so good not to be stuck in the middle of a three seat figuration. Food was ok, but I don't have expectations these days when flying to have a decent feed anyway. Entertainment. Eg movies etc was…"
"1575" "Asiana is just the best airline that I've flown. I traveled with my family from Bangkok to New York City with connecting OZ222 at Inchoen International Airport. When we arrived ICN we went to the lounge which provided us a very warmed welcome after a whole night out of our home.…"
"1576" "This was a great flight, although long.  Fly Business class and definitely recommend  on such a long flight. The service was great.  I won't use an American carrier again unless I have to.  International carriers are so much better, and I am a multi-million mile flyer on an…"
"1577" "Attentive staff, comfortable seat and bed. We sat in the middle row with 2 adjoining seats that face slightly inward. For single travelers most of the middle row seat face slightly outward for more privacy. The plane cabin was noticeably quieter than others I have flown which…"
"1578" "I travelled on Asiana Airlines with some friends in September 2015 on our holiday to Japan. They operate a great service, all four flights we used (Heathrow to Incheon, Incheon to Tokyo, Osaka to Incheon, Incheon to Heathrow) were on time, really nice food on them all, the…"
"1579" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1580" "The service on this airline is extremely good! I was constantly offered water and juice - I loved the food, and the entertainment was good, if a little old. For the price i paid, i got a stopover in Seoul included. I would fly Asiana over Etihad any day - just for the service in…"
"1581" "Imagine this - you are sitting in business class for the first time in your life having spent thousands of dollars on a ticket expecting top class service. The menu displays two types of meals, Korean or Western.  I decide on the Western. After take-off and once service begins a…"
"1582" "quite a pleasant flight - food was OK, nothing to write home about, but not bad. The reclining seat is somewhat short for someone 6'4\", but that tends to be the norm. Be careful where you put your iphone/ipad. Mine had an argument with the motors in the chair and lost - big…"
"1583" "I have flown many Airlines and this was the BEST! I boarded; my seat in Economy was HUGE and totally reclined and for a 12+ hour trip this was heaven.I was brought slippers,blanket and a pillow. Then wonderful Japanese food and sake~everything was gratis.I could watch anything I…"
"1584" "Service from JFK Airport in New York to Seoul's Incheon Airport is made on the new A380-800, a fantastic airliner. Asiana provides very good service, staff well trained and polite, as in most of the asian airlines. One of the best features of this plane is the level of noise,…"
"1585" "As one of two major airlines in South Korea, Asiana Airlines (OZ) operates flights to four continents. The airline, which is based in Seoul, flies to destinations within Korea and across Asia, as well as Oceania, Europe and North America. Asiana has a domestic operations hub at Seoul's Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and an international hub at Incheon International Airport (ICN). It has five classes of passenger service<U+2014>First Suite Class, First Class, Business Smartium Class, Business Class and Travel Class. Aircraft configuration varies from route to route. Asiana is part of the Star Alliance."
"1586" "Really nice experience, great food and service. I felt like I had a little more leg room on Asiana than on Cathay Pacific, which is my preferred airline to fly to Asia. Entertainment package and TV screen were great for economy class. An outlet to charge laptops on all seats was…"
"1587" "I fly Asiana Airline every time i visit Philippines, and I have always enjoyed my long layover in Seoul, because I have a choice to take a day city tour or to take a rest in the hotel for free provided by Asiana airline.  The service is excellent"
"1588" "This is the most unprofessional and worst overall airline I have ever flown in over 30 years of being on this earth.  My family and I have traveled the US and globe on multiple different carriers.  Asiana takes the cake at being the worst for the following issue:    They lost my…"
"1589" "Asiana is my favorite airline.  They have the best frequent flyer program.  Being a Diamond Plus member, I use them often and get a lot of benefits for being a loyal customer (Priority boarding and luggage retrieval, lounge access, bonus miles, etc...)  As usual, the service was…"
"1590" "From start to finish on our long flight was brilliant.  the cabin crew where very friendly and helpful.  the leg room was very spacious, entertainment was great and had lots to choose from inc. games, films and music.  i don't usually like plane food but this was very nice and…"
