"x"
"1" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2" "This is from Phuket to JFK, flying low class because the prices of round trip is cheap for 4. Being on this trip, the flight intendent offer me wine, I was like \"sure\", looking over my father is like just confused that I got wine."
"3" "Korean Air rates as one of my favourite airlines (Inchon rates as my favourite airport; I've travelled to Korea five times in the past four years) and it is principally due to the attitude of its staff.  We were scheduled to fly out of Jeju at 1900 to Gimpo sand make our way to・"
"4" "First time KA flyer.  Unfortunately my SkyTeam Priority Elite Plus level did not get me much more than an aisle seat in economy.  KA offers no economy plus or business class.  KA also does not sell stand-by day-of first class seats at a discount.  Food was mediocre and beverage・"
"5" "This was a really bad flight experience, to the point they made me cry twice by being rude/mean, and I am not a crier.  We experienced this on our outgoing AND return flight where we were treated differently/poorly than the other passengers who were Korean.  It was an eye・"
"6" "Now, turbulence is no ones fault but changing our seats is someone¨s fault. I booked an aisle and a middle cause of mental health reasons as it is easier to get out of the seats and we were changed to a middle and a window which was a no go. The ladies at the check in desk at・"
"7" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"8" "It is a first class seats, two leg flight, both leg on 777-300. First flight from Beijing to Incheon has only business class seating although they separate first row for first class. The food is decent and the wine is real good. The second leg has first class seating, a small・"
"9" "In my 51 years I have never had this many problems and my flight has not left the ground. If you can manage to fly any other airlines I would highly recommend. "
"10" "Had a connecting flight in Bangkok with a 6 hour layover, we had checked in online and wanted to drop our bags off and go wait in the departures lounge. Me and my mother were told that we would not be able to check our bags until 3 hours before the flight. We had to sit on the・"
"11" "Seating was very comfortable, probably on some flights part of the business class cabin is used as first class and I had a seat in this area which was designated first class, with two 1-2-1 seating rows. A lot of stowing space, I especially liked the small places for securely・"
"12" "I don't travel internationally often, but I had the chance in April of 2019 to fly with Korean Air going to Cebu, Philippines and I must say, they are a first rate airline in my book!    As I was sitting in the concourse prior to boarding I saw the cabin crew off to the side・"
"13" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"14" "Korean Airlines outbound  was  great! Delta  return code flight share was  horrible. Delta flight attendants very unfriendly, entertainment system problematic. They had to reboot system during flight, some seat screens inoperative."
"15" "Took a hopping flight from Tianjin, China to Seoul and a long one from Seoul to Mumbai. Airbus A320 on the short leg and an Airbus A330 on the longer route. Seats are comfortable with reasonable leg room. Flight attendants managed the show well, with frequent rounds of・"
"16" "This was our first time flying with Korean Air. 2 adults and 4 children ages 8, 10, 11 and 13.   The plane itself is typical in economy. However they provided a pillow, slippers, blanket, headphones and toothbrush when we arrived at our seats. The kids got special headphones and・"
"17" "Korean Air was very efficient and every flight left on time if not a few minutes early. The staff was very attentive and nice! Not sure how flight attendants can be on their feet and walking around for a 14 hour flight with a smile on their face!!! Great experience with every・"
"18" "from incheon, the flight goes straight to manila arriving in philippines at midnight.just in time for us to take a rest for the long and hard flight.  the food compensated to the trip featuring the bibimbop of korea. thumbs up"
"19" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"20" "though strict as it seems when checking in for this flight, one would feel secure with all those rules. one must have to follow rules. the food during the flight was good, though spicy. i like the icecream ."
"21" "the flight was a straight one. lots of turbulences but we arrive safe. thank God!.   the entertainment screen has lots of variety to choose from for the long flight. the food is okay though i dont like much spicy food. friendly staff"
"22" "got the chance to take this flight as connecting flight going to boston. we left manila midnight arriving in korea at dawn. not a dull moment since the airport was so awesome. also went to the SPC lounge. the flight has little turbulence. the stewardess are very accomodating."
"23" "Great service. We were in prestige class. Seats lie flat. Amazing service and food was good. I felt that they rushed you a little bit to eat quickly. You need to be on ＾their￣ time.  They need to relax the schedule a little bit. Our first flight with them they did do this and it・"
"24" "All of our four flights were booked with Korean Airlines! From the time you boarded until you left the plane, the flight attendants were absolutely fabulous! Your needs being met were their priority. Everything was done to perfection. I would definitely look at using that・"
"25" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"26" "Took our first trip to Asia at the end of April for my wedding and honeymoon.  We flew from Toronto to South Korea and stayed a few days before you moving into Bali.  We flew Korean Air and damn are they efficient.  I¨m used to the Canadian airlines which are soooo slow.  They・"
"27" "The service on a recent Korean Air flight was attentive, and all the staff were kind. I was not offered a complementary upgrade despite being a Delta Medallion member.  The flight itself was somewhat bumpy, but the staff tried to compensate for this.  The aircraft itself was・"
"28" "This flight was a pleasure to be on.  The service was better than I have experienced in many other flights in the last 10 years.  The stewadresses were so busy during the flight you could just imagine the ratings they were getting compared to  many other flights nowadays.  They・"
"29" "The total flight was about 19 hr (12 hrs from MSP-ICN, 2.5 hr overlay, then 4hr from ICN to HAN).The first flight was operated by Delta and the second flight was with Korean Air. Let me tell y'all, both Airline was AMAZING. The flights went by FAST, the food was GREAT, their・"
"30" "The total service with Korean Airlines from check in to arrival was outstanding.  Service aboard the aircraft was friendly and attentive with a great selection of drinks and a terrific meal.  The aircraft was spotless in every respect.  Highly professional."
"31" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"32" "Very comfortable flight. The on board staff are excellent- courteous and helpful. Food was very good. This was my tenth flight on this airline and I will continue to be its customer in future as well. On time take off."
"33" "2 good flights and service on very long trip. First was Singapore to Seoul over 6 hours then over 10 hours from Seoul to Las Vegas."
"34" "I have always love Korean Air. Best service at the counter. a few pounds over the limit no problem. always smiling flight attendant. brings you food outside of eating time if you are hungry. we had bananas and bread."
"35" "A pleasant experience and a way to change cultures....having the \"Korean\" lunch was a great experience...the flight attendant explained how to enjoy the meal.  Very nice."
"36" "Wonderful service from check-in to landing.  Clean, new aircraft, and flights attendants who truly enjoy the job. Good food, and comfortable seats, and amble leg room in economy."
"37" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"38" "I took a flight from London to Osaka Kansai Airport via Seoul. The flight in London was 30 minutes or so delay. When I got to Seoul, they said I could not catch the connection flight to Osaka because we were in Seoul late. As I arrived the Seoul Airport, I was given a new・"
"39" "Flew with KA 9 years ago and they were great in every way.  Took 4 flights with them this month and they are pretty average now.  Food was bland and boring.  Menu the same on all flights.  Flights ran on time which was positive but that¨s about it.  Nothing overly Terrible, just・"
"40" "I have food intolerances and always request special meals without dairy.   Despite my confirmed special meals, Korean air has been placing dairy products twice in my dairy-free during the same journey (an intercontinental flight that took around 24h in total).  After I had the・"
"41" "Great flight attendants. Both beautiful and pleasant. excellent service. Fun and healthier than flying a long flight in slippers ... There is plenty of room for feet, which is already great."
"42" "Planes were in great shape.  Price was good.  Staff were so courteous and helpful.  Seats gave more room in width and for legs.  All flights on time.  Food was good.  No extra charge for two fifty-pound bags.  A wonderful airline.  Flew in February and in April 2019."
"43" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"44" "USB charging was provided on the flight but it does not accept my iPhone cable. Breakfast could be improved. Dinner was good. The crew could be a little more specific on the meal options e.g. rice with beef instead of rice. Flight announcement could be a little louder."
"45" "It's been a while to fly with Korean air personally. Yes, now we have more options inculding LCC's especially in short travel. But,it surprised me when I reallized the cabin is spacious, clean and newly updated with state of techs. It was so comfortable though it is just less・"
"46" "Their service is good, coz I fly before with them. But this time my flight was not push through, I book my reservation thru Gotogate I was so dissatisfied & disappointed to Gotogate. Customer service was bad, it¨s waste of time & money. I regret it. I will not used them again・"
"47" "We have flown Korean Air overseas before and will fly them again.  They manage the cabin well for a long flight (14 hours IAD to Incheon).   Movie selection is decent but could use a few more new/recent movie selections in each category.   Food and beverage service were good・"
"48" "Your flight was OK. However when we had trouble with luggage and call your Customer Service in Ho Chi Minh City (028-38242878) - a northern voice lady picked up and had very bad attitude.   So sad that a a 5-star airline has a staff like this! When your customer needs your help,・"
"49" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"50" "We had a free stopover overnight in Seoul which made the flight easy.Very good price and value for money. Staff were good.Flight was ontime.Food was average."
"51" "Have flown Korean Air several times.  Great on board service.  On the international flight taken, the meals were good, including ice cream served."
"52" "Fly with them a lot between America to Asia love the service and the lounge is very good too !!! Nice staff!! See you again soon"
"53" "The airline is very good and has some of the best prices to the Philippines. We had a nonstop flight to Inchon Airport for our transfer to Manila. They herded all the disabled passengers to an area and made us wait. Only one person out of 5 could communicate in English and we・"
"54" "This was my first time in recent history taking Korean Air and I was pleasantly surprised. I had heard good feedback from friends prior to this long-haul trip to USA so this round did not disappoint. I was most impressed with the service of the pilots and cabin crew: always・"
"55" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"56" "Flew KE from Nandi Fiji to Incheon (10hours) then to Ninoy Aquino Airport Manila (4hours).  Korean Air crew were really helpful, friendly and professional. My 10hours flight was okay since it was a comfortable trip. Toothbrush and colgate are available in restrooms so I can save・"
"57" "What a wonderful airline and what wonderful service. I can not say enough good about KAL's product. From the moment I checked in, late at night in Tel Aviv on a Saturday night, a couple of hours after the end of Sabbath, till I took off from Seoul en route to Bangkok, I was・"
"58" "We did two separate flights with Korean Air to get to Phuket, Thailand. One was 11 hours from Portland, Oregon to Seoul, South Korea. The second was 6 hours from Seoul, South Korea to Phuket, Thailand. Very clean and the flight staff was very friendly. They provide you with a・"
"59" "I have flown many millions of miles and many different airlines. The US carriers have the worst First class service but Korean Air experience was very poor. The staff spoke very poor English no French German or Russian. The seats are not comfortable and the configuration is a・"
"60" "The plane was in great shape and clean.  Legroom was outstanding for economy class.  Food was good and entertainment options were also good.  The staff was friendly and went above and beyond to keep everyone happy.  Would definitley fly Korean again."
"61" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"62" "Korean airlines flight was ok. Nothing really captured my attention to make this a great flight. The food was not really that good to me. The service was ok. They didn't seemed to be as friendly as most flights that I have taken on international flights. The movie selection was・"
"63" "We scored an incredible deal with 21 hour flight with one quick layover in Seoul. Good service, decent food. Comfortable seating that reclined more than I would¨ve expected. 10￣ tv screens on our B-777 and Airbus 330s with enough programming to keep me occupied."
"64" "My wife and I have travelled a number of times with Korean Air and every time it has been an enjoyable experience. Our latest flight from New Zealand to Paris, via Seoul  was excellent. The only downside, was we were due to fly on the new Dreamliner but instead flew on the・"
"65" "Flew KE last April with young children. They have a layover in Incheon (no need for transit visa), which is an amazing airport. Seats were comfortable, amenities were good. Movie options included Asian shows. They have special kits for children. Special meals were good, too. As・"
"66" "I flew Korean Air for the first time to Bali. The flight was my best option in terms of shortest flights and layover, 22 hours total. There was a 1.5 hour layover in Seoul. For a total of 4 flights, only 1 was delayed 20 minutes. Service was great, everyone was very nice! The・"
"67" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"68" "In the past Korean Air didn¨t give me a good impression - partly because of their history.  Yet, my experience this time has completely changed my view on this airline.  Excellent service, extraordinarily clean toilet and super comfortable seats are all core values of the・"
"69" "I flew from Canada to Mongolia using air canada from Edmonton to Seoul and Korean air from Seoul to Ulaanbaatar.  The business class was not great for the price of the ticket. Seats were nice and big but were pretty old, small TVs and a limited entertainment options.  The food・"
"70" "This was my first time with Korean Air. A really nice and comfortable flight! Kindly and always helpful staff, nice food. Superb comfy, the space for legs are unbelievable big!"
"71" "Since my husband and I were staying with my niece that currently lives in S. Korea we decided to splurge and fly business class.  From the minute we checked in at the airport what an awesome experience.  The food in the First Class Lounge was amazing at both airports.    The・"
"72" "Korean air is a top noch airline regarding service. Have the English app on my phone. Online check-in and booking with no problem, no delays and nice and friendly staff. Sometimes little to fast to get passangers to sit down during turbulence. But better safe than sorry.  "
"73" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"74" "I had very pleasant experience traveling to and from Seoul on Korean air. I've been so used to services of north american airlines (terse, short, and often rude) that my travel on Korean air felt like a breath of fresh air. All workers are very courteous, kind, and respectful.・"
"75" "We used Korean Air on a spring trip to parts of Vietnam and Thailand.  Check in was great, seating was good, and flight staff were incredibly nice.  A ton of entertainment to choose from, seatback LCD screen sets are used, not wireless to a tablet or phone.  Food was very・"
"76" "Flew them a few times back and forth from Asia . Great food and services overall. The staffs are decent looking  and professional also. They got all the entertainment you need on the tv screen. Blankets , toothbrush , slippers , headphones . Great services and treated you like・"
"77" "A lady yelled at me and my friend as she discovered something wrong with my flights. She blamed us as it was our fault and keep asking us if she makes her self clear<U+2014>my friend and I were indeed, a bit stone realizing a booking error has occurred. We asked if we could buy a new・"
"78" "The travel from Mumbai to Seoul and particularly from Seoul to Seattle was comfortable. The menu choice for asian vegetarian meal was good so also the spread. Unlike most of the airlines of today, the fight attendants do not ignore its customers. Requests are handled well. The・"
"79" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"80" "Very good service- no hassel hidden fees. Food is hit or miss-- carrot cake VERY dry. Question the service-- served a  gooey brownie (good)  needed water to help swallow! Staff friendly y professional entertainment - more options/playlist for songs/movies would be nice."
"81" "My wife and I recently flew Korean Air for the first first time from Sydney to Seoul and return. The service and attentiveness of staff was first rate.Best flight experience we have had for many years. We will prioritise Korean Air for future flights to SE Asian destinations.・"
"82" "The food and service is amazing! For being such a large aircraft we were amazed at how comfortable the seats were. The food was the best we have ever had on an airline and the entertainment was great as well. The only problem is there is no in seat air control on the plane. It・"
"83" "Used Korean for these short internal flights and was impressed by the professionalism and timeliness, and service of the flights."
"84" "KE646 one meal service, 3 choices - scramble egg and sausage, beef noodle, korean porridge. I always choose korean porridge. Yummy <U+0001F60B>"
"85" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"86" "My friend and I recently flew Korean Air fore the second time from Chicago to Manilla for a dive trip in the Philippines. The flight was very reasonably priced and the service onboard was quite excellent. All of the attendants were extremely cordial and were very proficient at・"
"87" "I love Korean Airlines. At time it¨s more expensive than other but it worth it. The seats for economy class as big as the upgraded seats for other airlines. Korean airlines staff very polite and pleasant to all races and gender and age. Not like some other airlines, the staff・"
"88" "There are good and bad things here that you should know about. The planes fly hot. It is so warm that you sweat consistently. There is NO wi-fi. The food is not very good at all. The leg space is really positive. Very comfortable. There is good entertainment at each seat."
"89" "We had a very good experience both on outbound and inbound flights on Korean Air. The seats were comfortable for economy class seats and there was sufficient legroom, but I say that as someone who isn't very tall.  I was able to cross my legs even with the seat in front me fully・"
"90" "Korean Air  flies direct from Hawaii to Japan for a very competitive price.  They hit all the major positives - on time, no lost luggage, decent seats & entertainment, very good staff.  Onboard food was fair to average, but at least we got fed.  Recommended."
"91" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"92" "hands down the WORST customer service experience I've ever had!  I spent my entire last day of vacation on hold and was still not able to change my flight."
"93" "Recently I had used the low fare airlines as my private flight in economic view.  However a month ago taking Korean airline to Hong Kong, certainly thier service is the best compared to the other LLCs.  One of the best is that they provide the movie including the latest popular・"
"94" "Excellent food and drink service,, one of our best ever service and personal attention!,<U+0001F44D><U+0001F3FB><U+0001F60A> One of the best meals and clean the restrooms I¨ve ever had on an aircraft flight attendants were  outstanding"
"95" "I would highly recommend this airline, just as good as Qantas or Air new Zealand, plenty of leg room, economy offer slippers toothpaste plus toothbrush and complimentary slippers two meals offered per leg of flight. Layover was two hours ,goes very quickly as  you need to go・"
"96" "The food is gorgeous, especially bibimbap. Nice and polite hospitality. Safe and clean. Disappointed that they have few choices of movie and music. Also it was so hot in the airplane during the flight from bkk to seoul. Uncomfortable seat but not a big problem for short hours. "
"97" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"98" "I booked korean airline from SG to Incheon, them from Gimpo to Jeju and Jeju to Busan. Every step of the journey, I was assisted by the staff. They assist to check-in using the touch screen. I just need to queue to check in my luggage which is not a long wait. Very fast service・"
"99" "Always love flying with Korean Air.   Professional and friendly ground staffs and cabin crews.   Great food! Clean and well maintained cabin.   Looking forward to flying with them again on my next trips to Korea.   Keep it up!!"
"100" "I flew the Economy Class in April 2019 from London to Tokyo and back and it was my first trip with Korean Air.  There were no issues with my flight and the service on-board and in the airport was impeccable.  Food was delicious (my only complaint being that the airline does not・"
"101" "Arrived ICN terminal 2 and once inside I was looked after like a VIP. Business Class / Prestige service. Even though I arrived some 6 hours before flight I was confirmed seat, baggage acceptance.  And prestige lounge access card. They also printed me my updated SKYPASS frequent・"
"102" "Excellent service, flight on time, seats confortables!!!! The food also was very good with korean option or beef/fish. Totally recommended to fly with them"
"103" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"104" "Plane was a 747 with an all business class upper deck. Seats are slightly offset and come with an optional divider panel so you have tons of privacy. And since it's business class, you have lots of legroom. The seat folds flat for sleeping but I find that position rather・"
"105" "Clean and nice aircraft and exelent helpful staff, flight on time all the way. The food and service was top quality."
"106" "Pros: Clean aircraft, beautiful and personable flight attendants, on time take off and arrival Cons: Not being able to select a vegetarian food option when scheduling the flight in the U.S.; seats seem harder than U.S. carriers; only a 1/4 cup pour of wine with the meal and more・"
"107" "Amazing flight! You also get something to eat in this short amount of time. It was cheap as well and the crew was super nice and helpful.  "
"108" "Whenever I travel to Korea, my preference airline. Online check-in simple and seat selection choice, drop bag counter staff efficient and friendly. Seat are comfortable, kind assistance from stewardess for store cabin luggage, good service during in-flight and always there for・"
"109" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"110" "All was well.  I would have rated KAL with a 10.  It was our group of walking buddies in our neighborhood on a 2monthlong trip of hectic travel in Asia.  I managed to sign for Skyteam/Skypass for me before we left  USA.  But so busy, I wasn't able to sign up for my husband. ・"
"111" "This is a great airline. The check in at the airport was easy. Online check in is simple. The entire staff was super friendly and accommodating. The seats were comfortable and not nearly as cramped as some other airlines. They even showed concern for my baggage. I have a duffel・"
"112" "In town check in got through via CALT port, hopped on the limousine bus straight to the airport all within 90 minutes. There are 2 Korean air prestige lounge, east and west wing. It is always packed. Mine was a day flight so I¨ve had my lunch on board. Staffs had everything・"
"113" "HKG Skyteam lounge had issue with the hot water for shower, ground staff said there¨s no alternative available... anyway I had been on the 7478i prestige class so I was really looking forward to this. Turned out this prestige class, unlike the 747, had NO storage space in seat,・"
"114" "The friendliest and best service till today. I have travelled with few airlines and i must say that the best service i got was from Korean air. It was comfortable, has legroom , and the crew were so good.   I just wish they would start operating from MLE to BKK ."
"115" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"116" "The thought of yet another economy class flight cramped up with no legroom for 24 hrs was more than I could contemplate so I looked around for business class deals and chose Korean.  Similar standards and service to most of the eastern airlines, welcoming, well appointed, good・"
"117" "A stopover at the Incheon International Airport near Seoul, South Korea, made us admire this airport. Very clean, interesting, modern and beautifully decorated. Waiting time passes by quickly with an experience like this. About the two stages flight we can only say: it was a・"
"118" "Very impressed with the service and food and efficiency of the airline. Had the stopover thrown in for the outward journey and this was the shortest route from NZ to Germany, everything was on time. Prices were very competitive."
"119" "The A380 plane was great. The seat configuration I didn¨t like. I was noted as having physical disability but was assigned a window seat. I am not able to climb over people to get to the aisle. I was able to get reassigned but why put a disabled passenger in a window seat?  KAL・"
"120" "Because the flights don't connect Korean Airlines give you a free stopover in Seoul on the outbound flight. They include a stay at the Grand Hyatt plus dinner and breakfast vouchers. It's a perfect way to break your journey and arrive in Europe feeling fresh.   Onboard the・"
"121" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"122" "Avoid at any costs this company, disgraceful company policy.  A family member flying with me in the same flight with Korean Air has recently diagnosed with a degenerative disease which do not allow us to flight in the booked dates. We have found that company would charge us 165〔・"
"123" "I was flying home for KUL to YYZ (Kuala Lumpur to Toronto) on Korean and deliberately took this diversion so I could fly the Grand Lady - the 747. And the new generation - the 747-8 no less. I have flown many of these wonderful planes, mainly across the Pacific in the 1990s, and・"
"124" "Check in Bne airport smooth and organised (3hrs before flight)  updated Frequent flyer details, baggage tags, ticket and aisle seats. Got thru customs quickly before busy period  coffee etc and waited for flight. Once call up was made we got they front of line and was able to・"
"125" "1) Bribed Guard blocks passenger Flight At Mactan International Airport, assisted in abductions of Passenger. 2) I booked an in cabin seat for domestic Dog, Ticket counter is fraudulent in baggage and Pet fees, I called connecting Airline and they showed dog was booked through・"
"126" "I appreciate Korean air as well as the flight crew for all there earnest endeavors , food is always great and the attendants are very attentive to all your needs and they have great pilots,  never had a hard landing with this crew and flights are always on time "
"127" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"128" "We recently flew Korean air from Atlanta to Seoul, Seoul to Bangkok, Bangkok to Seoul.  Great flights every one of them.  Tremendous customer service from the moment we stepped on the plane.  Every detail taken care of.  Even disposable toothbrushes in the restroom and overnight・"
"129" "The combination of comfortable seating, attentive service, above average food, and the added bonus of \"skybars\" in our A380 made the long flight pass by quickly. Korean attendants are very customer-friendly and are very helpful. ICN airport is also a great place to begin any・"
"130" "A friend recommended business class Korean Air for the long trip to and from Sydney.  The pluses : The cost at the time was unbeatable for a one stop flight The bed seat was great on both legs of the flight - so if you are tall like me such a bonus The staff were lovely. So・"
"131" "As a retired pilot for a major U.S carrier who knows the industry especially foreign carriers, I was at first a bit skeptical of using Korean Air given their scandals, financials, and overall culture.  How wrong I was and how much has changed at Korean Air.  Flight was・"
"132" "On arriving on board we were most impressed with the layout of this plane,seemed brand new. You always get the warmest welcome from the crew. Welcome on board drinks,hot towels. Great choice of Menu, Korean or western food,which are both cooked to perfection,accompanied by fine・"
"133" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"134" "This was the first time I¨ve flown Korean Airlines and I was really surprised at how good the service was. The stewards just made sure that everything was taken care of for us and everybody around us. Food was warm meals served with silverware and glasses. None of that plastic・"
"135" "Not great - I saw many reviews indicating small drinks, disappearing staff and hot cabin - All are true !  No drink before departure and no drink for about 45 minutes after departure.  The BC service style was like economy  in most airlines.    Cabin was so hot you couldn't・"
"136" "This is the second time I fly Korean air economy class round trip. First time from Honolulu to ICN and most recent Seattle to ICN. The service, food, entertainment and comfort seats are top class. You get business class treatment in economy with great leg room. On your seat you・"
"137" "Great flight in a jumbo jet with service to match.  Fully reclining seats in a personal ＾pod￣.  Nice amenities and meals.  Nice video screen.  The remote user interface was a bit of a pain to use.  Overall, excellent flight experience though first class is a bit expensive (not・"
"138" "We flew with Korean Air to Seoul and then on to Hanoi with a return flight from Bangkok via Seoul back to Los Angeles in Business Class on all four flights.  The staff on each  the flights were polite, attentive and accommodating.  Our initial flight from LA to Seoul was・"
"139" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"140" "if flying to Asia, highly recommend Korean Airlines.  Staff professional, friendly and very competent.  While the flight was long 14+ hours with a 2 hour wait in Seoul before continuing to Hanoi...........well worth the extra expense. The return flight from Saigon was just as・"
"141" "I would have rated Average, but the food was better than average. It was a lot of time on an airplane. The movies were OK... and made the flights almost bearable."
"142" "This was a return flight. The only difference in the return flight was the plane was cleaner and newer. Food was all Korean, not considering the other travelers that may not like spicy food.  Seats were small and no leg room for a 14 hour plane ride one would think they would・"
"143" "The plane Carpet was stained and not vacuumed. Food was all Korean, not considering the other travelers that may not like spicy food.  Seats were small and no leg room for a 14 hour plane ride one would think they would allow for a slightly larger seat and leg room! Would not・"
"144" "I was pleasantly surprised at how much legroom there was, which made moving around in the seat much easier. The aforesaid moving around was necessary because of a sore bum, caused by two long flights. The seats are OK, a little on the firm side. On the return leg I used my・"
"145" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"146" "The prospect of spending 48 hrs in economy seating to/from LHR to Auckland was not at all pleasant (I am over 6ft tall). Premium Economy was an option, but was over 〔2000 with the mainstream carriers. Then I discovered that Korean Air offered lie flat business class seats in・"
"147" "Flew both ways to Seoul (KE908 & KE907) for a holiday by Korean Air.  Lets face it no-one looks forward to a flight of around 11 hours, but Korean Air was the best experience I have had with an airline for a long flight. The staff were very attentive and pleasant. The plane and・"
"148" "On a long flight from Seoul,South Korea to mainland USA it is worth flying in premium economy.The service was very good and you got to eat with real cutlery.Seats are very comfortable and then there is the extra leg room,well worth paying little extra."
"149" "Different Cabin crew as to our previous Korean Air flight,  service was still good and very polite crew but the sincerity was not there this time.  Aircraft a fairly recent 787-9 clean tidy and comfortable.  Would still highly recommend Korean Air.  Adrian & Anna (New Zealand)"
"150" "Comfortable roomy seats even for Economy.  Highly efficient cabin crew very polite. Nice food with good timings for the delivery of meals.  Airline service at Incheon for the layover was impeccable with staff guiding us all the way from assigning our coach right through to the・"
"151" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"152" "We flew a 777 on the relatively short trip between Hong Kong and Seoul. The staff was great from the gate to the seat. Very professional and the uniforms remind of the golden days of flying. Good food and drink. Very clean plane, comfy seats. Yep they nailed it"
"153" "This is a very good airline traveling to Asia.  The staff is very attentive to your needs.  It was a smooth flight going to Indonesia and back to Chicago.  Would definitely use this airline again"
"154" "We flew out from Honolulu to Incheon, which the flight is approximately 10.5 hours. Our seats in 42f&g located on the middle section have plenty of leg room (34 inches)and recline as well. The entertainment system is a big plus with games, movies to keep yourself occupied; I am・"
"155" "This was our first experience flying Korean Air and was a pleasant experience.  We flew economy and found the seat width and leg room spacious.  The flight crew were attentive and pleasant.  You could see on their face the positive demeanor.  I will definitely fly Korean air・"
"156" "Great staff, very professional, kind and caring about their customers. The service is unbelievably good and efficient. I can¨t wait to travel with Korean Air again!  (The only minus point is that they belong to the ＾sky team￣ alliance, just make sure you don¨t have a connection・"
"157" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"158" "Really uncomfortable business class accommodations. Ground staff in Korea very rude and most unprofessional."
"159" "I came to Australia from LHR to visit my daughter and only had two weeks. We chose Korean as the stop it ICN splits the journey in half. I was well rewarded feeling fresh when I arrived. The service and faculties on the plane and in the lounge were exceptional.  I will be・"
"160" "I was very pleasantly surprised with the amount of legroom in my normal economy class seat on Korean Air. I was on a A380-800, which is a super HUGE plane! Way in the back of economy class, but I was so surprised at how much legroom there was. For an 11 hour flight, it was・"
"161" "I wrote a review 3 months ago about Korean Air stating that it was a terrible airlines. Now 3 months later, I have to say I had a wonderful experience. My sister and i kept laughing that there is no way it could be the same airline. It was a perfect experience. The last flight,・"
"162" "Great airline, more than friendly flight crews and space between the seats. Nothing worse than being packed in like a sardine and then having the person in front of you push their seat back."
"163" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"164" "We had booked Prestige class tickets to New Zealand based on their competitive prices, but confess to a little apprehension as we had no previous experience of travelling with them.  We needn¨t have worried.  The service was excellent.  The Prestige Suites were comfortable,・"
"165" "We were flying with our 2 kids the long fly from Germany to South Korea. The fly was very comfy from start to the end.  We got the seats on the upper floor of the plane, we didn't even feel like in a plane.  Clean, good service, fly attendants at a higher level, comfortable・"
"166" "This was my first time flying with Korean Air.  My husband and I were extremely pleased with the level of professionalism and great customer service.  Their uniforms were also quite impressive!"
"167" "This airline is one of the best that I have ever travelled on. They crew are friendly and take continual care of you. Food and drinks are served through it the flight."
"168" "Personally I disliked midnight flight but on the other hand, it was a great timing as I could start exploring the moment I arrived in Seoul. Stewards and stewardesses were polite. Aircraft was clean. Toilets are clean. Inflight movies selections are good too. The only thing was・"
"169" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"170" "I took 3 Korean air flights to get to China, all were superb even in economy class, seats were nice, I had plenty of leg room.  On my last flight from Seoul to Georgia I got stuck in the middle of two huge guys, since I have a back issue and had an isle seat and got bumped to・"
"171" "We flew on this airline round trip from JFK to Seoul to Saigon. Everyone we encountered from the ticket agents, to the gate agents, to the flight stewards was kind, helpful, and efficient. The plane was clean and comfortable and the in-flight service was better than most. And・"
"172" "I choose the flight because of all the great reviews I have seen in the past about this airline. Service was the only thing above average. Everything else, average at best. Very tight seating on the A380 in economy class, below average in-flight entertainment selection compared・"
"173" "One best thing about this airlines is the leg room you have. I felt so relax and comfortable. The crew was wonderful and friendly!!!"
"174" "I been using KAL first class service for the past 5 years or so. Their service has really went down hill every year. I remember when I first flew with them they were eager to please the passenger some even without asking. Now it's like a jobs they hate to do and they just want・"
"175" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"176" "Very pleased with this airline, service was good, seating was comforatable.  Stopover at Incheon, nice airport"
"177" "I was pleasantly surprised to find the seats were comfortable, evenly spaced and enough leg room for a 5' 7\" person. In addition they had a good selection of movies."
"178" "Professional kind staff, clean and orderly planes, good food. When I travel to Asia to always use Korean Air. "
"179" "First time on Korean Air. Will not be my last.  Flights were on time. Inflight service was great. Every one from gate agents to attendants were kind, calm & very helpful."
"180" "I have more than 15 experiences with Korean Air Lines. Their service is average but, getting worse and worse every year.  Especially, Business Class is getting more worse. Cabin cleaning is very poor and dirty and their food is not good enough for business class. same quality of・"
"181" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"182" "We boarded the Korean Air plane from Seattle to Seoul on our way to Vietnam.  Just after liftoff, a flight attendant approached and asked me if I had left my wallet in Seattle.  I said that I hadn't.  She came back again and asked if I was sure about that.  I checked my travel・"
"183" "Was urged to book by our travel agent and he was right to so urge us. The planes were modern the service exemplary on the flight and in regard to all other aspects, stop over in Seoul on the way out and overnight stop over on the way back. The only points I would comment on were・"
"184" "Flew Korean Air (Business Class)to Auckland via Seoul and from Sydney to London Heathrow again via Seoul for stop over for connecting flight. Would recommend staying in Seoul on way out or back for a couple of days as this was an amazing place. the flights from the moment you・"
"185" "We were amazed with this airline, we booked online, the site was easy to use that made the booking fast, there is a special check-in counter for business and first class in the airport, the facility and food in the airline lounge was very good, the flight attendees were friendly・"
"186" "The overnight flight to Seoul was a bit uncomfortable because it's difficult to sleep with the noise of passengers who keep ringing bells. But Good thing is due to the flight delay from KL, Korean Air provided refreshments and blankets at the airport. But meals on board was・"
"187" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"188" "The service of flight attendant was really good. They took care of the customers whole flight time even though the flight was about 10 hours. In addition, chairs and toilets are very clean and useful."
"189" "Korean airlines is one of those airlines that remain just average. I¨ve flown them a few times over the last few years and nothing seems to change. Average food, ok service and below average movies etc. The crew are like robots and not personable at all but very well groomed.・"
"190" "Korea airline is a good airline. There is good space for your legs. The cabin crew is friendly and very helpful. The food was very good. The entertainment was pretty good too. All in all a good airline to use. And I love the A380"
"191" "Korean air flight attendants are very kind.  The crew came within 30 seconds of pressing  the paging bell.  I really think that the crew level is the best airline in the world."
"192" "There are only a few carriers with direct flights to ICN from SZX. Korean Airlines is one of the few carriers. If I had to choose between the two airlines again I would not hesitate to fly Korean Air. My experience with the carrier has always been positive. The food was good and・"
"193" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"194" "huge leg room, nice seats, excellent service, meal was fair at best but flight attendants continued serving us during much of the flight. We flew from Singapore to Seoul and Seoul to Las Vegas."
"195" "Korean Air was a great experience 2 2 2 arrangement in your own compartment with very comfortable flat bed food and wine amazing booked through Trailfinders . on arriving at Heathrow  we were invited to the lounge were we were both offered a mini facial before our flight wow・"
"196" "I have flown this same route 3 times now, and it is always Great! From the time you enter the airplane, (which always seem like a brand new 787), you feel important. Once you find your seat, you will find a pillow, blanket, bottle of water, slippers, earphones, eye covers for・"
"197" "Our Travel agent convinced us to fly with Korean air for our trip to Vietnam.  It was not the company we chose and we had no intention to fly with Korean Air which have no direct flight to Hanoi or Ho Chi Minh City , Vn.  Because we took a package with our agent, we could obtain・"
"198" "My wife and I flew Korean Air｀s business class for the first time this week. We were very pleased with the amazing service, excellent food, and comfortable seating. One of the ways that you are able to discern a good business is how they handle problems. Our bags were misplaced・"
"199" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"200" "top all over experience / package, KE A388 CDG-ICN-CDG March 2019,  ++ Service & info + seat pitch 33-34\", + headholder, + noise level + monitor ~ Food / beverage: bibimpab & tea sortiment coud be better ~ Entertainment: limited english movie & audio options ~ terminal 2 ICN - ・"
"201" "Wonderful airline, comfortable, pretty good selection of things to watch, but killer food. The food on Korean Air was almost restaurant quality, which is hard to pull off on this long of a flight. Very friendly staff, quiet airplane. Would definitely fly again."
"202" "I took Korean Air flight from Jakarta to Seoul and return in mid February and  this was my first experience with the airline. Overall my experience is very good- Flights were on time and in flight services are very good. Only suggestion is it would be very helpful if  airline・"
"203" "Very good flights. The flights left on time and arrived on time. Very good service and good food provided. Very efficient operation."
"204" "We booked with Korean Air because their Business Class price was very competitive. We were a little concerned as we'd never used them before. Pleasantly surprised. Aircraft were very modern, cabin staff entirely professional, check in process seemless, good food. In flight・"
"205" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"206" "Service was great.  Food okay.  Took off and arrived on time.  The main problem was an in seat entertainment unit that half functioned on and off the whole trip.  Movies showed, but about 1/2 time the sound fell out completely.  Some times the touch screen responded, some times・"
"207" "A nice flight with great service. The Prestige Class seats could lie flat and there was plenty of privacy. If you are traveling with a companion, get the middle seats. the outside seats are staggered, and one of you ill have to look over the their shoulder."
"208" "Amazing experience with Korean Air, great food, helpful and attentive staff, and lots of room to sleep and enjoy entertainment in the large business class seating. Fully reclinable and everything you need for a great flight. The only slight down was the choice of films and music・"
"209" "It was my first ever flight on Korean Air. Leg space was much better compared to some well known top rated airlines. Food I would say was average. Need to improve food variety."
"210" "We flew from Vancouver to Hanoi Vietnam changing planes in Seoul. We had a new Dreamliner on the 11+ hour leg. Had lots of leg room and very comfortable seats. Service was excellent. Had to run to get our connecting flight in Seoul. On an older plane for 5hrs. Seats were as hard・"
"211" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"212" "I have flowen a number of different airlines and none compare to Korean Airlines, thier staff is the best in the sky. Nice planes, ok food, reasonable seats, great entertainment but the staff is over the top good."
"213" "I used Korea Air more than once maybe the price is high but the comfy flight is superb, the service is excellent, the food is good."
"214" "This flight took almost twenty-two hours with a transfer in Seoul, Korea. The flight was good and the stewardess were great. However the flight was long and challenging. It was extremely difficult to find a comfortable position for that length of time. Try as I may, I could・"
"215" "Flew 14 hours from NYC to Seoul and then 6 from Seoul to Phuket.  The service staff was excellent.   Leg room was above average as was movie selection.  Food was decent too."
"216" "I always had great experience with Korean air. However this time it was terrible. I was traveling with little one. With more than 13 hours flight, my little one had a hard time. She wasn¨t even crying or loud but every time she talked the flight attendant came and told me to be・"
"217" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"218" "My husband and I flew to Seoul last month for a vacation. The business class seats on the 747 were very comfortable, and the flight attendants suitably attentive. My meal was just okay (I had Korean selections), but my husband really liked his western choices. The movie・"
"219" "Cabin was warm throughout the flight. Food was jusy OK with  limited joice. Felt that the food and the service was tailored towards Koreans. Movie choices for English speakers was limited. Korean Air West lounge at airport was crowded , noisy and the choice of food was very・"
"220" "Cabin was uncomfortably warm as usual with all KE flights. Choice of main dish was geared mainly for Koreans. Good luck if you do not eat Korean. No dessert. Only fruits after dinner. Found few cookies at the bar later in the middle of the flight. Few small sanwitches at the bar・"
"221" "Great service, great food, wonderful staff. If this company could fly everywhere ! Part of the top company with KLM, Quatar, ANA..."
"222" "The plane seemed very new and was very comfortable. Attendants were helpful.  Meals decent.  But as soon as we were boarding I tried to get the air spigot above my head to give more cooling air.  I asked the attendant and she said there were no air  sources for each seat, they・"
"223" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"224" "This flight was one of the cheapest at Xmas. Good food on-board and very polite staff. Left Brisbane and arrived in Seoul. Collected at airport and taken 5 minute drive to the Hilton Hotel. 5 star room, buffet dinner and buffet breakfast all inclusive with the cheap airfare.・"
"225" "Flight on time. Staff very welcoming. Taking my cat back to France was easy with Korean airline. The first plane was a little bit old but I love the A380."
"226" "Travelled via Korea to New York, a pleasant way to get to the Big Apple. Flights all departed on time, service was efficient and charming, meals adequate as were the wines."
"227" "My return flight from the Philippines was very good... The crew is very attentive and are always walking around. I wish my chair would recline to make the 13 hours go by a little faster. Would recommend. "
"228" "A very neat manner, thoughtful service from heart and professional, very quite passengers ( 99% are Korea on WHOLE plane: The Best airplane I have ever taken in the past 10 years."
"229" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"230" "It was a great experience, the flight attendants are very friendly and great Korean foods ( but the bibimbap was a bit dry, and not on rice), and most of all no delay."
"231" "The airline itself was great. Nice flight attendants both going to and returning from my destination. Meals were acceptable. But the seats were absolutely the worse. Hard as a rock, cramped, and had me in pain by the time I arrived at my destination. I had to go to a pharmacy in・"
"232" "Korean Air still does the little extra - little bag of goodies - slippers, toothpaste & toothbrush, etc...   The Bi Bim Bop lunch/dinner though is the best meal I've had in economy class!"
"233" "I did not enjoy this airline at all. They had the worst movies to choose from and the food was absolutely the worst I have ever had on a flight. On the flight from South Korea to Bangkok they only gave us a little snack just before we landed( a 7 hour flight)."
"234" "The fight attendants are so attentive and so good they make a long flight better. Seats were fairly comfortable. Had current movies to watch. Thought the good was good for airline food."
"235" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"236" "Still one of the best flight experiences.2 hops of about 12 hours each.Excellent service everything you could wish for ."
"237" "We flew Korean air to US and the flight was really good. We had a long transit at Incheon but we had a nice time at the airport. We used the facility of nap zone and took a nap. The flight attendants were very helpful and always on their toes to assist us. We travelled with 2・"
"238" "This is the second time we have used this airline. In 2016 .We took it on the trip to NZ. Both the on board and ground service is helpful and customer friendly. If you go through Icheon the new terminal is stunning. The price was the best we found. they were helpful when we had・"
"239" "From the moment I set foot on the aircraft the staff made sure I had everything. Variety of 6 in flight up to date films. Food, dinner, snack and then breakfast. A great introduction to Korean cuisine, BIMIMBAP, good quality food. Staff were exceptional, courteous and pleasant.・"
"240" "Amazing airline. Service is impeccable. Flight goes through Incheon. Choice of Upper deck on New York leg.  Flat bed on both legs. The food is fresh and delicious.  The staff are absolutely wonderful. I have flown with this airline many times and would highly recommend them."
"241" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"242" "It was my wife's first trip to the United States and my son it was absolutely amazing. They are definitely hands down the best airline I have ever flown with. That is saying something considering I have flown with about every Airline out there."
"243" "We paid for two business class round trips to SE Asia.  As a Delta frequent flyer, we took Korean Air, their partner airline.  It was 14.5 hours long so we paid over $11K for the business class seats.  The seats were 180 reclining, but they were as hard as a board.  Our hips・"
"244" "Flew Korean Air Business class one way and economy return. Large spacious newer clean planes both ways. Extra room in Business class worth the upgrade for such a long flight. Extra service of warm refreshing wet cloth prior to main meal service in both classes. Better food and・"
"245" "The near perfect dress of the stewards is a good proxy for our whole  flight experience. Everything was made pleasant by thoughtful disciplined care of the passengers.  I highly recommend this airline for travel to Asia."
"246" "Korean Air is a much better way to fly if you are flying economy on a long trip.  The pitch on this flight is 33\" as opposed to 31\" or 28\" and makes a HUGE difference.    The food is good, the attendants are professional and courteous.  Good electrical outlets, in-flight・"
"247" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"248" "Very comfortable, full recline pods in first class with top level service.  Was worth the price to relax on a 12hr flight and arrive without the usual aches and jet lag. The AV entertainment system could use an upgrade..."
"249" "The staff onboard were very courteous and addressed us with respect as we were on a special diet.  They regularly came around with various liquids to keep everyone hydrated.  The restrooms were regularly cleaned. By far, the best airline service I have ever flown in my six trips・"
"250" "I generally like Korean Airlines.  Their business class is spacious and their flight attendants are top notch.  Downside: yet to find Wi-Fi on a flight and they usually don¨t have individual air vents, which I really prefer as I tend to be warmer than most and the cabins in・"
"251" "The spacious flight I have had flying economy which was great because it was 14 hours to Incheon and another 4 to Hanoi give or take an hour. Food, frequency of water, etc was so so. Nice touches with flight pack of slippers, tooth paste and tooth brush provided. Toilet clean・"
"252" "Always a pleasure flying with Korean Air. Polite, friendly staff, good meals, good inflight entertainment system and good movies."
"253" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"254" "Travelling with Korean Air was a very positive experience at all levels; on the ground and in the air;  All elements including check-in; airport transit; Business Class lounge;  boarding; seats; comfort; inflight entertainment choices and quality; in flight food and service;・"
"255" "The highlights of flying Korean Air i.e. comparatively longer legroom and wider seats, friendly crews, efficient check-in, etc. are noted in many reviews, so won't repeat. What I especially like is fast entry into the U.S. by using the flight to Last Vegas. KE005 arrives at 3:15・"
"256" "One of the best airlines in the skies. They do everything right. The A380 upper deck is as spacious and comfortable as you can get. The fight attendants not only look good but really work hard the entire trip and they seemed to truly care about the passenger's well being. The・"
"257" "It had been a while since I flew Korean, but it was similar to how I remembered: very good service, perfectly adequate lie-flat seats, and mostly good food. The Bibimbap was truly disappointing, however, so I stuck to the Western options after that. It isn't super-amazing like・"
"258" "Travelled many times with this airline and I prefer it rather then air Canada.The flight from Toronto to Incheon is twelve and a half hours as oppose to fifteen hrs with air Canada to hong kong for onward flight to Bangkok.Transit time in korea is a mere three hours as compared・"
"259" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"260" "Its the fastest direct flight to Seoul from Mumbai. The staff is good. English language speaking can be a problem else service is good. Do keep track os maximum allowable luggage capacity of 23kg (check-in) and 7 kg(Carry-on). Food was decent."
"261" "I had to catch a very early flight from Chicago to Detroit to Incheon to Bangkok so I had to time to check in online.  Once I checked in at Chicago O'Hare I was told that I couldn't get an aisle seat but I could request for one once I reached Incheon.  When I reached Incheon・"
"262" "Flight on time. FAs are friendly and accomodating as always. Lavatories always clean. In flight entertainment has wide array of selections - never ran out of movies (new) to watch.  Food is good but they can improve as far as variety is concern. Also with the lay over - if they・"
"263" "Everything was great(e.g. services, airplane, seats and etc) but the landing(ICN to VVO) was not that good. I checked the monitor in front of me and it was descending too fast and that was why my friends and I felt almost throwing up. However, the meal and attitudes & services・"
"264" "Excellent service by the staff. Food was decent but I desired more American food selections. Flying on an Airbus 380 where you sat on the upper level offered space but not the privacy of the pods on smaller planes. Movie selection was not near as good as flights on Delta,・"
"265" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"266" "Korean air is easy, clean and affordable. Everything is ready to go, and the entertainment on board is up to date and easy to follow. The food is above average for a flight! Round trip to New York from Australia a was only $1.2k and went without a hitch. Super happy customer・"
"267" "First time for me to fly Korean Air.  I was impressed by how big is the plane, it is wide and seating is 3 left, 3 middle and 3 right so you can really stretch your legs and chairs are wide and comfortable. Plane is very clean, you can smell the freshener and the good air. The・"
"268" "The flight was on a 747 jet. The seats are adequately spaced for leg room but really lack good lumbar support which is critical for long distance flight. The entertainment system is new but it is not a totally intuitive maneuvering. Food was adequate yet serving can be a bit・"
"269" "We recently flew home from Phuket, Thailand to Montreal with stops in Seoul and Toronto. All told we were travelling for over 30 hr. The first 2 flights were with Korean Air while the last one was with West Jet. The Korean Air planes were modern and the leg room in economy was・"
"270" "My flight on Korean this past December was a connecting flight from Seoul to Bangkok after arriving from the Us on a Delta flight. The Delta flight was a little late and by the time i reached the gate my KE flight was already boarding. Service was efficient and friendly. A380 is・"
"271" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"272" "Hospitality of the ground staff and cabin crew were excellent and the seats at window side were spacious and privately separated with other pasengers. However, the variety and taste of the meals were average. I was also surprised that the wet towels were distributed after the・"
"273" "I am a Skyteam Platinum so I do a lot of traveling and tend to stick to those airlines which I know....you know, a creature of habit. This time I went off piste and decided to go rogue trader and booked with Korean. Yes a Sky team partner, but I had not flown with them for a・"
"274" "The flight attendants were all very friendly which was great because the flight was the longest I¨ve been on. There were multiple meals, snacks, and beverages available during the flight. The warm towels were a nice touch to freshen up a little after a 14 hour flight to our・"
"275" "I've flown on a lot of airlines.  It used to be that Thai was my favorite but it has been upstaged by Korean Air.  Not only the hospitality but the business class food is excellent.  One of my friends wanted to fly back and forth over the Pacific just wining and dining."
"276" "I bought Korean Air ticket 3 months before the trip date with my name at the time, but I got my name changed only 3 weeks before the trip due to naturalization.  I worried so much and got even more worried because of all the problems people had with changing names on their・"
"277" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"278" "Have not taken KE for long time so it was so nice to have a good meal on Y class! The Korean Bibimbap ( rice dish ) was very nice and the Korean white wine was also surprisingly enjoyable. Well done!"
"279" "First time taking Korean Air to Sapporo with my family and we were impress with the courteous stewardesses . From checkin Singapore , good feeling though the lounge has not much to offer then it's not their fault. We transited in Seoul for a couple of hours but it wasn't bad,・"
"280" "I purchased tickets for my husband and myself on Vayama for a trip to Thailand. I read the terms of the ticket, and it did not mention that we  could not choose seats. There may have been something in the many pages of terms and conditions later on.  Anyway, after purchasing, I・"
"281" "Brilliant service and comfort on both legs down to Auckland. Cabin crew were excellent, seat comfort 10/10 both sitting and as flat bed. Really enjoyed the food on offer and thought the entertainment system was good despite reading some poor reviews about it. Lounge in Seoul・"
"282" "Wow. Staff was so friendly, and the plane was as comfortable as possible for economy. More leg room than I'm used to. Loved the make your own bi bim bap, was tasty and fun.   Incheon airport is a treat. Enjoy the transfer there, if you have the time.  I appreciated how committed・"
"283" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"284" "Good service.  I guess these days to feel safe while flying is a major concern for many people.  The catering was just about adequate.  There was a selection of films to watch."
"285" "We flew economy from Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam to Seoul South Korea. On each chair there were slippers, an eye mask, a blanket, a pillow,  a bottle of water, and headphones all free of charge. The movie selection was poor. The stewardesses were polite. The food selection was・"
"286" "This flight was exquisitely long. However, Korean Air has slightly larger seats and leg room than many lines. Their food is above average and served often.  Movie selection is solo"
"287" "Our flight consist of 2 legs, KE 036  Atlanta to Seoul and KE 631 Seoul to Cebu,Philippines. It was a convenient flight as we took our 11:30 am flight from Atlanta to Seoul/Cebu,Philippines. The time of departure is very convenient. The flight was pleasant as the stewardesses・"
"288" "First time flying with Korean Air. They had a Korean meal option which I had twice on my way home. Flight attendants are polite and kind. Overall it was pretty good. What I would like to recommend is to take one of the free transit tours offered at the airport if you have more・"
"289" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"290" "I love the food of this Airline since I love Korean food especially Seoul to Manila flight, but their entertainment is lacking. They should include more movies especially long haul flight."
"291" "Korean Air comfortable and good service, on time and with decent food compare with other short haul company flights"
"292" "The flight is great but the halal food is not that great. I can say that it is not delicious at all. I hope Korea air could provide better food for halal meals. except for the food, everything is great. "
"293" "Korean Air exceeded our high expectations during the 20 or so hours of airtime between Chicago and Bangkok.  Our flights were on time, economy seats both comfortable and seemingly larger than other airlines we travel and the crew exceedingly professional and attentive.  A most・"
"294" "from Israel to Sydney is a long way, twice the long leg as from Tlv to NY, so it is made of 2 different flights. we had a break of a few hours in Inchoen and we did rest, one should consider an overnight stay to recover. the cre were very nice and there is lot of space even at・"
"295" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"296" "Although all A330 airplanes come from the same manufacturer, it seems clear that each airline puts in all the utilities, including seats. Korean Air just seems to have more legroom than other airlines using the same plane - an A330. Also, the service and cleanliness are top・"
"297" "I am unable to check in online to reserve my seating and I called the customer help line which he was unable to help me in any way. He informed me that it is up to the airport kiosk customer service and told me to call them. I called the ATL Korean Air kiosk and they informed it・"
"298" "My wife is from Thailand so I am writing this for both of us. Being from las Vegas, there are very few international carriers that have direct service here. Korean Air is one of them. I went to the airport to purchase her ticket using the Flight Control counter. The agent, Ms.・"
"299" "The staff and flight attendants were cheerful and helpful.  The meals served on the flights were plentiful and tasty.  The flight entertainment was excellent but it would be nice if it changed on a daily basis so it is not always the same coming and going."
"300" "Great flight, service and food.  The attendants were very friendly and accommodating with a great selection of food and beverage  Nice touch - they provide slippers for economy class!"
"301" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"302" "A couple of years ago I was delayed with a flight out of Manchester back home to Perth & ended up flying: Manchester, Istanbul, Seoul, Brisbane, Perth. One connecting flight was on Korean Air out of Seoul. On arriving from Istanbul, I was greeted at the huge Seoul airport &・"
"303" "This was my very first Korean Airlines experience.  The boarding pass check in procedure was smooth and good.  The inside of the airplane was very clean, and all of the function of the equipment was good condition.  The restroom was very clean. The flight crews were constantly・"
"304" "Korean air is always our first choice. We love the quality of the aircraft and the service.   Our last flight from BKK was great . The stewardesses are cheerful and very accommodating. Even the pilot has greeted us.   But, before we departed the aircraft,  I asked the stewardess・"
"305" "Nice new aircraft with friendly flight attendants. Seats the most uncomfortable I have flown on. They make you sit in a very uncomfortable position (head forward, back arched) and it was not possible to sleep."
"306" "In spite of average legroom and seat, the customer service was excellent. They made the flight safe and punctual."
"307" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"308" "Korean Air service and facilities is fantastic. Not withstanding the long but direct flight from Toronto to Seoul, and the connection to other SE Asian cities on the same airline, the entire experience was great. I have taken this route about a dozen times, and not once was I・"
"309" "I booked an economy ticket from Xiamen to Seoul and was surprised to be seated at the Business class area. I was delighted with the service, from checking in to the warm hospitality offered by the air stewardess. Overall, I am very satisfied!"
"310" "This was our first overseas holiday, we spent 3 weeks in Canada and Korean Airlines was our flight to get there and back. The service was amazing, food was fresh and inflight entertainment was more than I expected. They served drinks and snacks throughout the flight, hot towel・"
"311" "Rode Korean Air for the first time. The flight attendants were dressed impeccably. Not only were they all professional, but the provided very good customer service. They were always attentive and friendly.   The flight itself was okay, but there was turbulence. Once, I really・"
"312" "Unsure about using KA for the first time we were delighted with the service. In Heathrow they checked our bags had been loaded from the Manchester flight.  The lie flat seat was very comfortable and the food interesting and good.  Would not hesitate to use again. "
"313" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"314" "With a son, daughter-in-law and grands living in South Korea, we regularly travel there to visit. We originally chose Korean Air because of the direct flight they offer out of Chicago O¨Hare. But we¨ve stayed with them, for the last seven years, for so many other reasons. We fly・"
"315" "The aircraft was obviously from the usual dealership. Clean and in good condition. The service and the food however were very good and much better than a few other airlines I have been with. I would recommend this airline."
"316" "Korean airlines what I donot like they are not aware of the visa regime of Korea for 3rd countries citizens and no matter how travel compliant we are, we are not allowed to do online check in, which is bit discriminatory , they allow to do online check in every body from 1st・"
"317" "Due to a schedule change, we were switched to Korean Air.  i wasn't thrilled and saw their \"basic\" cabins that gave the impression of an aircraft from the 1980's.  Once on board i was pleasantly surprised to see a unique layout and perhaps the best service we have ever・"
"318" "This is the 1st time we take korean air for traveling. The service is excellent. The compliment foods are delicious. They offer wine and juice too. We can choose asian food or korean food. The seats are arranged : 3 - 3 - 3. We are consists of 9 adults. We can webcheck in 2days・"
"319" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"320" "The flight attendants were some of the nicest I've ever had. I was fed three times in about a 10-hour+ period which is more than I expected, and the food was tasty. The seats were comfy and the blankets covered all of my 5'7\" body without any gaps. The entertainment center had a・"
"321" "this is the first time that i have flied with Korean air line and i was extremely very impressed. the flight, leg room and the facilities were given is outstanding. what a smooth journey. food and beverage are topnotch service of the crew was excellent. comparison to our・"
"322" "I was traveling from Minneapolis to Bangkok and had a number of Delta and Korean Air segments in my trip. My flights to Bangkok were mostly on Delta, with Korean providing the last segment to Bangkok, but my flights home were mostly on Korean due to a Delta cancellation.  I had・"
"323" "The turbulence on this flight was pretty bad, but that's not the fault of the airline, UNLESS they could have flown over it. I really pity the flight attendants. This was the messiest group of passengers I have ever flown with. While the attendants made their usual rounds for・"
"324" "My wife and I have always been flying with Korean Air ever since for one reason. We are so conscious about cleanliness, comfort, and reasonable pricing. Korean Air has these all. Meals are simple yet flavorful. Toilets are cleaned every half an hour and amenities are endlessly・"
"325" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"326" "We flew from LAX to Seoul and then on to Hanoi.  We were lucky enough to be able to use points and fly first class. There were only 2 others in the first class cabin. The attendants were so accommodating.  They brought us a cosmetic bag and pajamas.  They continuously asked if・"
"327" "The Korean Air website is not well designed so we were expecting the flight experience to replicate this.  We could not have been more wrong. The seats are wider and offer more leg room than any other carrier we have been with recently.  The flight attendants were very helpful・"
"328" "The new Dreamliner is a delight to fly. The space and then separation from the other flyers was great. I loved the petition between the seat that I could put up so the light from my husbands tv didn't disturb my sleep  The food was very good with a great selection. The wines・"
"329" "Mix of 747-800 and A380 on this flight. Business class cabin is smaller and cosier, A380 is quieter. Very good level of service and food & drink from Korean Air on all legs, and easy transit in Seoul. Some business class seats are a bit wider than these and the in-flight・"
"330" "I have been travelling with Singapore Airline but decided to try Korea Airline for my holiday trip to korea. No regrets! The legroom is big and the seat is comfortable. Me and family is very happy with the whole journey."
"331" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"332" "For an almost 15 hour flight, it was fine.  Seats, for coach weren't too bad.  The Bibimbap meal was good.  The other meals were OK.  The longer flight to Seoul, had two meals.  Strangely the shorter return flight had an extra food service snack cart- pizza, chips, peanuts and・"
"333" "Korean has the best business class seating design together with JAL in my opinion. I would rate it top 3 in the world.  All the seats have individual aisle access.  Extremely spacious and private inside each node.  Great HD 20\" tv monitor with latest movies.  Wide foot rest,・"
"334" "There were no pre flight drinks served and no drink service after takeoff.  The food was good but menu options were very limited.  Snacks between meals seemed non existent.  Comfortable seat but much prefer the individual compartment style offered on other airlines i.e.Cathay・"
"335" "We were really impressed with the cabin crews and onboard service especially the return flight.  They took good care of us with smiling and kind attention to make our flight a little more comfortable. Thumbs Up.  The food were normally ok."
"336" "First time flying an A380 it was very enjoyable and spacious, stopping via Seoul with short transit time.  Service and food were good. Korean Air is now my favourite flight choice."
"337" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"338" "I was travelling with 2 young children (one was a toddler) and the fligh attendants were very friendly, cheerful and accommodating. They provided these cute child-size headphones & coloring materials (different with the inbound and return flights - I appreciated the variety) for・"
"339" "I didn't realize we were on a code share flight from Seoul to Hanoi until we got to check in counter and they couldn't issue boarding pass even though it was a through check-in for till Hanoi. In our booking itinerary it was printed as Korean air with a small print that said・"
"340" "Very comfortable flights (a change of aircraft in Seoul). Very pleasant flight crew and good food. Flights left promptly. Very good business lounges at both Heathrow and Seoul. Excellent value."
"341" "Checkin was good.  Checking counters at Seoul airport were crowded and they had one small counter for collecting boarding pass if you have checked online but you cannot drop bags. Staff were helpful. Inflight was good."
"342" "In USA, you always stick to one airline to get mileage points & other benefits. However, you¨ll never know what¨s being offered from other airlines until you try one for the sake of it. Korean Airlines is one of them, and you¨ll see the difference in service. From check in, to・"
"343" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"344" "I have to say I was very disappointed in their lack of friendliness. Lack of food as well for two long haul flights. Trip over was really bad service for 12 hours we got only two small meals one hour into the flight and one hour at the end of 11 hours, no snacks. The return trip・"
"345" "Two flights between UK and Auckland. First leg in a 747 and second on a 777ER. The prestige suites on both legs were good, although at over 2M tall, a few extra CMs would have been handy. Onboard service was very good and food was of a good standard and plentiful. Wine choices・"
"346" "We flew from Montreal to Philippines during the Christmas holidays. Nothing to worry about with this airline. I flew many times with other airlines (china airline, Jal,Air Canada) So far Korean Air was my favorite  Good food. They give you a choice of either a western meal like・"
"347" "We had an amazing experience with Korean Air! Our connecting flight had to be changed so that there was a delayed stopover in Korea for a night between flights. The airline put us up in a five star resort with dinner, breakfast and lunch included at the best buffet I have ever・"
"348" "It was my first time on a long-haul flight (~14 hrs). The flight was good, and the in-flight entertainment options were good. Bathrooms were kept clean for the duration of the flight. I was a little surprised by the quality of the food/beverage service. Non-alcoholic beverages・"
"349" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"350" "This was our first experience flying Korean Air and we LOVED it.  The seats were comfortable and with our sons being over 6ft they seemed to have good leg room.  The service on all legs (Brisbane to Incheon to New York and back again) was outstanding.  The food was tasty and・"
"351" "It was my first time travelling on Korean Air (SG-INcheon). Seats were comfortable with leg space comparable to SG national carrier. Love the service on board especially the hot snacks before landing eg banana, onigiri, nuts, pizza, sandwich (though sandwich was not that great・"
"352" "Thank you to Korean Air for always serving good food, having nice seats, and taking care of families with small children."
"353" "The airplane was comfortable and clean, the food great, the flight attendants gracious and smart.  The video selection was great.  But the Inchon airport was the nicest airport I have ever been in.  The transit lounge was so great, it could be the destination<U+2014>great sleeping・"
"354" "First, the legroom, I love it.  It's wide and very comfortable.  The food, bibimbap my favourite.  Very pleasant and very efficient flight attendants.  Our flight was very comfortable as well.  They provide complimentary toothpaste, toothbrush and slippers even in economy class・"
"355" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"356" "We flew KOREAN AIR to HANOI, VIET NAM.  The staff were wonderful and our plane was very clean and our seats made into beds, and had a private TV in each cubicle.  We would definitely fly KOREAN AIR again."
"357" "I flew on Korean AIr's Prestige Class for the first time between Los Angeles and Manila. In between was a layover in Incheon, and a change of planes. On both legs, going and coming back, I was in Prestige Class. They have different versions of this, and the one I had was the・"
"358" "Staff was very supportive and helpful even though it was a full flight. Initially it was booked in different places but they managed to get all four of us into the same row. Service is great. Food was awesome.   Entertainment needs to be improved. Sometimes the touch screens are・"
"359" "Having flown to Europe through the Gulf on previous trips, we decided a change was in order and flew Korean via Seoul.  The long layover in Seoul on the outward trip turned out to be better than we  expected. The timing of the flights to Europe means both legs are completely in・"
"360" "We recently flew Korean Air (Boeing 777-300) during several international flights (including a flight over 15 hours in length).  We were delighted by the level of service exhibited by the crew, as well as the comfort of the economy seats we experienced.  From the time we checked・"
"361" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"362" "Awesome service and comfortable flight.  Overnight stopover in Korea as part of the package.   Comfortable hotel but very long and frustrating check-in process.  Considering they knew we were coming and how many travelers, there were not enough staff on the desks. After a 12hr・"
"363" "I flew out on 26 Dec to Mumbai via Seoul.  Our flight was delayed by 40 minutes which made the connecting flight a challenge.  3/4s into the flight, the flight attendant informed those connecting on the onward journey to Mumbai that they would hold the aircraft until we boarded・"
"364" "Excellent serviice, seat and amenities.  The food service was absolutely  the best in the air for both Asian or western cuisine. The upper deck of the A380 has a lounge area in the front and back of cabin with a martini and snack bar. Very attentive  flight attendants. Only・"
"365" "I flew Korean Air From Denver, Colorado USA  to Chiang Mai, Thailand and back again on a two week vacation. Spacious and comfortable economy class, clean planes, and pleasant stewards. Had a long layover in Incheon South Korea which ended up being a lot of fun because of the・"
"366" "This is the most efficient way to get from Vancouver to Bangkok.  Our flights ran on time, the service on the flights was very good, the seats were comfortable and plenty of food and amenities were provided. Very good inflight entertainment."
"367" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"368" "KAL apparently doesn¨t think a business tkt on 7 hr flight departing at 1:30 am connecting to a 13 hr flight merits lie flat seating.  That is enough to choose another carrier.  So much is made if the distinction between business a d first class that the lounges are separate and・"
"369" "Not getting a lie flat seat in business class is very dusappointing for a flight of this duration.  Equipment/cabin seemed tired and worn.  After all that, catering was mediocre at best.  I would go out of my way to avoid KAL long haul."
"370" "For the past 20 years I have travelled to Brisbane from Birmingham with Emirates. I've always been pleased with the airline (although the ground staff in Dubai are unsmiling and give the impression they don't want to be there.) Emirates are so expensive compared to Korean Air・"
"371" "We found the leg room excellent and the food 3 options good. Good array of movies. Quick boarding. Polite staff"
"372" "Korean Air was certainly not the worst airline I¨ve flown, but when I have a choice in the future it won¨t be at the top of my list!  The service was really lacking.  I hardly ever saw the attendants except for the required meals. They rarely came around asking if we wanted・"
"373" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"374" "Good leg room.  Very clean aircraft.  Flight was on time.  Courteous and helpful aircrew. The aircrew were very well dressed and professional in every way.  I travel frequently and this airline rates highly with me.    More than enough food to eat.  The plane took off smoothly ・"
"375" "KAL is very dependable. Clean and the seats are comfortable. The staff are very accommodating specially when you feel sick and nauseated."
"376" "One of the best airline in Asia. The food is good and the staff are great. Very helpful. Clean and organized."
"377" "Took B777-ER and was assigned last row of seats that was a 2-seater and was able to recline seats without the worry of disturbing the back row passengers when meals were served. We were served first as we just in front of the galley.  Note: There is a toilet diagonally behind・"
"378" "This is a short hop flight between Ulsan and Gimpo domestic terminals, flight time takes 55 minutes, great for a short stop over in Seoul or even handy for a day trip. Flights are normally punctual, I have always found the staff to be friendly and helpful, I have used this・"
"379" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"380" "After our annual scuba trip (Maldives this year) we stopped in South Korea to bring in the new year with our scuba family who is from South Korea. The flight was good nothing to interesting. Again the food was really good and thenflight attendants were on point."
"381" "Annual Xmas scuba trip with a connection in Incheon. Not a bad airline food was really good and their service was equally good. A lot of the screens I noticed were not working or their picture was almost unbearable to look at. All in all it was an ok flight real quick so it・"
"382" "One of the best airlines I have ever flown. Flight attendants were excellent. They fed you very often. Lots to drink and choose from."
"383" "As peanut allergy can be serious life threatening and increasing in incidence, most of airlines worldwide have policy not to serve peanut on flight and also ask if peanut snack can be avoided if there is any passengers with peanut allergy. Korean airline does not have that・"
"384" "Can't fault Korean airlines. Staff were fantastic, food was good, clean and plenty of leg room with my both myself and my son over six feet tall.  Gluten free meals also well taken care of."
"385" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"386" "Flying with Korean is always a pleasant experience. On-board service is world-class and the Bibimbap (traditional Korean dish) is always deliciously served on their flights. Operating out of the newest terminal in Seoul-Incheon, which features great shopping and dining before・"
"387" "Excellent flight with great service. The flight stewards service was exceptional, I felt like I was in first class. "
"388" "We took Korean Airlines flights from Brisbane to Seoul to New York.  The seats weren't too bad, leg room felt small compared to other airlines. I didn't find their online check in and management service very user friendly.  The staff were very polite and attentive.  They did run・"
"389" "It was amazing! Like business class but without the extra money! Food was good--as far as airline food goes. They provide slippers, a toothnrush w toothpaste, slippers you can wear around the plane (and take home), plus provide blankets! You usually di not get blankets anymore・"
"390" "Our family really appreciated Korean Air's service and hospitality. Planes were nice and clean. In flight crew were helpful at every turn and friendly to our children age 9. Incheon is a beautiful, modern, super clean airport. When we returned to US side, Korean Air staff helped・"
"391" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"392" "Very disappointed in Korean Air. The Prestige Class seats are very uncomfortable, pillows are very small for business class. Service was just OK, food the same. Does not compare to Emirates, Swiss Air or Singapore Air.  Their business class lounges were nothing and had very・"
"393" "I researched the best premium economy fares to NZ over Christmas and New Year but was disappointed in the possible stopovers (there aren't many airlines doing PE and most involved places we'd been before). I was offered Prestige Class fares on Korean Air for a similar price, and・"
"394" "Really nice flight. Comfortable seats. Great food and service. Enjoyed the lounge in business class. It gave me someplace to walk around and sit with a drink. The restrooms were comfortable and large. My recent flights have had ridiculously small restrooms so this was a bonus.・"
"395" "My family and I flew from seoul korea to bali for Christmas.  We had a direct round trip flight with Korean air. The flight was on time and clean.  The Korean flight crew was all about the business, so nothing to complain about. But nothing to brag about either, very stern, no・"
"396" "Our flight tickets to Korea were booked in August, four months before our actual flight and it cost us $1210 (inclusive of a return domestic flight between Gimpo Airport and Jeju Airport). As OCBC bank had a promo tie-up with Korean Air, we had a discount of $82 and paid only・"
"397" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"398" "Very pleased with my Korean Air flight. I transferred in Hong Kong with less than an hour to spare (due to traffic congestion at NAIA) and I was concerned about my luggage making the flight. No worries! My bag was tagged with a big red SHORT TRANSFER tag and made it! In fact, my・"
"399" "Was dreading my first flight of this length, and was so pleased with how pleasant the flight actually was. Coach was actually comfortable, service excellent and food tasty. If I ever have to fly to Asia again, will book with Korean Air again for sure"
"400" "My wife and I are traveling home to Florida from a family reunion in Philippines. We are flying Business Class and due to limited flights from Butuan, arrived quite early. The staff was understanding and gave us boarding passes so we could rest for nearly 12 hours in the・"
"401" "They promote to go to the bar area to stretch, relax, have a drink. I went there and ask for a diet coke, they told me they only serve vodka absolute. Second time I arrive to the bar with a cognac drink brought from my seat. They told , and not in good manners,  that I have to・"
"402" "I had traveled with my family on a round trip from Las Vegas to Seoul to Ho Chi Minh and the overall experience was truly amazing. Check-in & boarding was extremely fast. The legroom was acceptable, the seats were very comfortable, and there were a lot of movies to watch from・"
"403" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"404" "The overall booking, advanced seat assignment, check-in, boarding, meals, and flight were all good and smooth. Only hiccup was that one of our checked-in suitcases didn't make it on the flight. Airline arranged for it to be flown in on the next flight in the morning and I picked・"
"405" "I had travelled Male to Colombo with my friends last August.Excellent service on all flights. When we boarded there were classical music playing, soon after takeoff we were served water and a warm towel before eating. Meals were serve with Chilled Beers  and staff came around to・"
"406" "One of the best FC seats  - that is not enclosed suite - seats were very comfortable. The cabin was in good condition and clean.  Overall service was very attentive and polished.  I love that the crew was very quiet and respectful.  Watching the FC cabin crew works was like・"
"407" "I think the title says it all. My wife and I fly every year to our home in Thailand and for the past 7 years have flown Korean Airlines. The Airplanes are well maintained, clean, and comfortable. We fly Coach and unlike other airlines the cabin does not feel like a cattle car.・"
"408" "The business class seats were just OK.  In the A380, the seats are right next to another person.  They are not offset.  So you are constantly aware of the other person.  The food is fine if you like small portions of fancy food.  A child across the aisle had a special kids meal・"
"409" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"410" "My wife is unable to eat acidity and dairy products and no beef, so the flight attendants did all they could to meet her dietary needs. Although we were delayed a little in Korea on  transferring, the pilot made up the time in the air."
"411" "As a Delta sky miles member it is great to have terrific airlines like Korean airlines as a partner with Skyteam.   I fly international often and Korean is surely a five star airline.   Their Hub Terminal in Seoul sets an example for others countries to follow "
"412" "We use this airline whenever we fly outside of the United States heading towards Asia. Korea airlines provides outstanding service. They offer a variety of food and they give actual silverware to eat with. I¨ve also seen them clean the restroom mid-flight. They also give you・"
"413" "This airline has the biggest plane I've seen and rode on.  I had a center seat but the long trip to Seoul was not as bad as I feared.  There was ample leg room and space above our heads.  The service was good and the attendants were polite.  There are 2 styles of meals to choose・"
"414" "Natural choice of this airliner as usual, best service with rapidness and with full smiles of cabin crew. Nice meals and wide choice of entertainments of movies, games and music. Unbelievable quick steps of cabin crea is for all serving passengers with one step earlier service. ・"
"415" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"416" "Korean Air consistently provides a comfortable trip that could be a real disaster. The meals are reasonable for such a long flight, (14 hrs) Having tried other airlines, this one will get my vote every time."
"417" "If you can't upgrade, you've got to make the best of a bad situation. It's an ENDLESS trip - somewhere between 27 and 30 hours. We had three legs to make it to Phuket.  We chose Korean Air and found their service was excellent. The seats are wider than most in economy. The food・"
"418" "First time using this airline as we wanted a stopover on the way to London. The check in was simple and efficient. The plane took off on time.  The leg room in economy was more than comparable airlines. Food was plentiful with plenty of choices. Snacks were available during the・"
"419" "My wife and I flew Korean Air from Washington DC to Seoul.  We flew economy and the leg room was as good as economy plus seats of most other airlines.  Seat was comfortable. Flight attendants were very kind and the food was better than some restaurants in the DC metropolitan・"
"420" "We flew from Kathmandu to San Francisco and flight was extremely smooth served with nice and hot foods  .Our layover in  Incheon airport terminal 2 was around  11 hours. We spent pleasantly with city tour. Airport Terminal 2 were so beautiful and lot of things to see.Staffs were・"
"421" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"422" "I flew Korean Air A380 from Sydney to Seoul on way to China staying over in Seoul and then on to Shanghai. A great way to go leaving Sydney at a civilised time of 8.45Am on a comfortable A380, with good service and food with a good value fare.  Then China Eastern to Shanghai・"
"423" "The service was great with Korean airlines. On the return flight the plane had mechanical issues and we had to deplane and board another aircraft. This was done without much delay and travellers were treated to lounge time at the KAL Prestige lounge at ICN between planes.   One・"
"424" "We flew from LAX to Singapore with a family of 7.  Two flights 12.5 hours and 6 hours with a 6 hour layover in Seoul.  I was pleasantly surprised to be served 3 hot meals and a few snack visits.  The leg room was good (great compares to US domestic flights) and the staff was・"
"425" "We love KAL. Reliable service and friendly staff. The departure and arrival times were a bit tiring but here we are at Incheon!"
"426" "On our recent trip to Seoul and Tokyo we had a total of five Korean Air flights throughout our trip visiting all over South Korea.  Each flight was excellent.  We could not fault anything from the smooth check- ins to the meals and service on the planes.  I have flown with a・"
"427" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"428" "Short flight to Fukuoka it takes just less than 1 hour, seat was comfortable plane was clean, aircrew were very friendly"
"429" "From the time we boarded the plane, until the time we stepped off, our experience was wonderful! The seats were nice and spacious (for Economy class) and they provide headphones, slippers, a blanket and bottled water. They had a wide variety of movies and music to listen to. All・"
"430" "one of nicest airline for me so far. lounge is great.i enjoyed the food and drinks offered. on the flight, seat is very comfy and qgain my favourite part, food food and all food. definitely be flying back again soon."
"431" "Booked Korean air from Jeju to Busan and it only costs S$49.80 for one way.  Service is great too as orange juice are served onboard and baggage allowance is 20kg/pax.  Plenty of legroom for tall people, a plus point for consideration!  I¨ll definitely fly with Korean air again."
"432" "I bought 2 round trip tickets to Thailand for my partner and I, in March 2018. We flew out to Thailand on May 24,2018. Before our scheduled flight back to USA, my partner got sick and died unexpectedly. I informed Koreanair when he was in coma. After my partner got cremated in・"
"433" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"434" "Flight attendants were nice, helpful at Incheon airport, and helped me to check-in using the self-service check-in machine."
"435" "the absolute worst. you cannot check in online, you can't access your boarding pass online. you can't print a boarding pass in advance. the app does not work. When you call them for help they use accusational language and claim that you've created an issue. No idea how to・"
"436" "Korean Air is the worst airline when it comes to customer service. They are very cold and show no care. Flew with them over 20 times and always have issues. Overbooking, can't speak English well or at all, cold meals without and choice. Flight delays with excuses after excuses.・"
"437" "Flew from LAX to Mumbai via Incheon on korea air in  dec 7 2018 and that was a nightmare.  Plane was delayed in LAX by 30 minutes which reduced my transit time from 1hr to approx 30. By luck I made my connection but baggage didn¨t.  Service desk in Mumbai was very disinterested.・"
"438" "No complain! Love this airline as their services are very professional!   Actually has been using this airline over 10years and never seems their mistakes !  They have never shown a displeased faces even though requested them to have an extra foods or drinks.  Mileage also has・"
"439" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"440" "Having travelled on flights  around the world I have never had as good of service as I had on Korean air. The flight attendants took care of your every need they even came around and apologized for the few babies crying on the flight. The food was second to none even in economy・"
"441" "The family flew from Sydney to Vancouver with a transfer at Incheon South Korea. The legroom was great even for someone who is 6'3\" like me. The food served was tasty and the staff were friendly and always willing to help. The transfer process was easy too."
"442" "Outbound trip was great staff were very friendly and helpful. Food was above par. Return trip was very good. Got a late start to began with but still able to make my second flight no problem. When arriving back in Las Vegas it took way to long to get baggage to us. Waited 45 min・"
"443" "Its my first time taking korran air. The crew was very welcoming, onboard entertainment and food quality was superb. Enjoyed my flight all the way from start till end. Check out their website for more information and sales. "
"444" "Good inflight entertainment, they headset they give to the kids is actually far better than the standard set adults have"
"445" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"446" "If you visit Philippines, I will recommend Korean Air if you prefer 13 hours stop over 1x's just to get to their tour packages only 12dolars forc8 hours tour wiht bus to see whatever attraction you choose. It comes wiht free lunch. Its worht it..."
"447" "I have made several flights with this airline and have enjoyed each flight,Staff are helpful and attentive.Food choice is good."
"448" "Standby flight from VIE-ICN and was very happy. The meals served were delicious, having european as well as korean options. Once the lights were dimmed, I struggled to fall asleep while turning in my seat to find a somewhat comfortable position, a flight attendant quickly came・"
"449" "Actually this was in the summer of 2017 where I was flying back from New York. All of the attendants were extremely hospitable and caring! Whenever we'd fly back to New York again, I'd recommend Korean Air!! There's absolutely no other way to travel more comfortably other than・"
"450" "Unfortunately, Asiana Air failed to meet my connections to a Qantas Flight in Narita  (Business class Flight Home)and I was bumped to a Korean Air Flight Economy class. I was seated in an aisle seat near the toilets. The flight home was a red-eye, it was noisy, lighting was not・"
"451" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"452" "Excellent service from friendly staff on wide body aircraft. Plenty to eat/drink on short term flights. Excellent entertainment on individual screens. Highly recommended"
"453" "Staff were kind and attentive, looked very professional. Our food was served hot and on \"real\" dinner ware. Though a long flight staff remained professional and helpful.  We were very comfortable."
"454" "Flights from Australia to Israel with Korean Air are from Sydney alone. The good thing is that when you check in in Melbourne they send your luggage straight to Tel Aviv. The greatest thing is that Korean offers a night in a five stars hotel in Seol on the way to Tel Aviv which・"
"455" "I would say that Korean Air offered the best service when I went to the Philippines for a holiday back in Dec 2015. The food was awesome and the attendants were all polite and cheerful.  Our flight going back from Manila to Auckland was the best. We had a stop-over at Korea (of・"
"456" "One of the best companies in the world, food is the best I've eaten in business class. I thank the Hostess Jung Seung Eun for the courtesy and for  excellent tourist information on the city of Seoul"
"457" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"458" "I haven't traveled yet but I made a reservation on November to flying to KAL in March 2019.  I made a reservation directly to Korean Airline web site.    I had to change flight schedule 3 times (within an hour). Each time I called Korean Airline before I made a change. But I was・"
"459" "1st timer flight to Asia Continent. My flight was with Korean Airline to ICN from LHR. Overall service was Excellent and on point. I could not fault them at all. The flight Attendants were so attentive and friendly."
"460" "My wife and I have used the Korean Air Seoul route to Moscow quite a few times. Made a mistake going another country route and regretted it big time. Korean airlines deliver a consistent quality travel experience. For this route they are the airline of choice because of the・"
"461" "Everything fits perfect. In time, clean, proper service. Always again, recom! Thank you very much Korean Air!"
"462" "The 10+ hour was very good thanks to adequate leg room and good food on the new A380 that was recently introduced between Sydney Australia and Seoul. The flight attendants were very good and provided service with a smile. The changeover in Seoul and onward travel to Tokyo on・"
"463" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"464" "Almost everything was perfect. The legroom was nice, the entertainment, the restrooms, the service. Our family traveled during autumn near winter season and the plane was on heater mode. Since coming from a hot country, it made me and my family a bit uncomfortable. I was・"
"465" "A good option to go this route to Europe, if you have time. The flight arrives in late afternoon in Seoul, and, due to the onward second leg to Prague leaving around midday the following day, It arrives late afternoon in Prague too, you are accommodated usually at the Grand・"
"466" "My wife and I flew Korean from Sydney to Barcelona in September 2018. It is a very good airline with comfortable economy seats and good service. Just check near departure to ensure there has been no change of aircraft as my wife and I ended up seated two rows from the rear・"
"467" "Have flown with Korean Air many times over the past 10 or so years. They¨re always excellent. Would definitely recommend them to anyone."
"468" "One of the best customer & inflight services for your money. Very cordual and attentive service on board."
"469" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"470" "I would recommend Korean Air to anyone looking for a good flight. Our trip was very nice and Seoul Airport was lovely. The flight attendants were polite and professional. The food was good, and seat back entertainment had a large amount of current content. The only downside is・"
"471" "The 13+ hour flight was long but very good thanks to adequate leg room and good food.  The flight crew was very good.  The layover in Seoul and onward travel to Bangkok on another Korean Air flight was fairly stress free.  I would fly with Korean Air again and recommend them・"
"472" "My husband and I flew Korean Air to Bangkok, and despite our struggle with the length of time flying in the air, the ride itself was good and comfortable. The staff was very nice and we enjoyed the food. I would fly with them again and also recommend to others."
"473" "First time travelling with the airline for a long haul flight and the service of the FA did not disappoint. Also the food was great and I don't normally enjoy eating airplane food."
"474" "Comfortable spacious seating , just that it only included 23kg of checked-in luggage which i feel is a little less."
"475" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"476" "The flight was wonderful and our prestige class was exactly how it was described.  The service was exemplary.  The flight attendants catered to our every need."
"477" "Service very good.  The negative aspect at LAX is that the counter does not open very early;  therefore,one cannot get a boarding pass to go to the lounge early."
"478" "The service was superb and the business knowledge of the ground crew was really impressive. Our flights were a little complicated and our bags were exactly where they were supposed to be. The attitude and kindness of everyone inspired true confidence. We would fly this airline・"
"479" "What a pleasure to be treated to exemplary service especially on a long flight. Meals and alcohol were included in the fare. "
"480" "Korean air just changed flight ke651 from 747 to a380, it was comfortable as always and more important aleays on time."
"481" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"482" "Korean air is a very good airline. I took a short 2 hour flight and was surprised that they still served food. Also being pretty tall i was very happy that there were so much room between the seats. Almost as much as the emergency exit on other flights."
"483" "The service is amazing! The attendants are so patient and friendly! The seats are comfortable and good in flight entertainment. I also appreciate how attentive the staff is to cleanliness."
"484" "Korean Air was super Cush! Everything was smooth - service, time schedule, and the food. They really do take care of their passengers in every way. The seats are comfy, too. And, strangely, the flight is very quiet and relaxed in general. Could have heard a pin drop on both my・"
"485" "Next to Emirates, this was the best experience on flight that I've had in some time.  I actually flew from SFO to Cambodia, returning Hanoi, Vietnam, to SFO.  The legs of the trip were more comfortable, although the flights from South Korea to Cambodia and from Hanoi to S. Korea・"
"486" "Amazing flight crew, top notch service. Leg room was what you would find in more expensive seats on other airlines."
"487" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"488" "First time travelling with Korean Air. Very pleased with the service. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Will definitely fly with them again."
"489" "Aircraft super clean, staff very kind and helpful, good selection of food and beverage, flight on time"
"490" "Have flown this route round trip 7 times and Korean Aitljnes is simply amazing.  Outstanding welcoming service when you board, to the excellent inflight meals.  Korean Air is Excellence in Flight!"
"491" "The service is quite good, the FAs are very accommodating.  The food is also good. Would definitely fly with Korean Air again."
"492" "I was really impressed with Korean Air. A lot of the amenities that you pay extra for on other airlines are still included here-meal, in-flight entertainment, pillow, blanket (I couldn't even get a pillow on an overnight flight on another major airline!). Shocked that a review・"
"493" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"494" "Great flight, wonderful service, and delicious food.  Organized, comfortable, and it was a pleasure.  Only problem is boarding, since no one follows the boarding order but lines up ASAP to get on. Drink as much as you like.  Numerous entertainment options to keep you busy. ・"
"495" "Korean airs is the most comfortable flight to travel from Seattle to Mumbai. The travel being divided into 9 /9 hrs each sea -Korea- Mumbai is very conforting rather than going on a flight with 16 hrs at a stretch... seating is very comfortable than any other flight & food ...・"
"496" "The Flights were on time and transfer at Incheon was smooth, orderly and efficient. The seats are comfortable enough with adequate leg room. The Stewardesses are attentive and helpful. I have found the International Airlines to offer better service, seating, food and response to・"
"497" "We had a great experience with this airline. Everything ran very smoothly. Our flight left and landed on time, and the flight attendants were very kind and helpful. My friend had sprained her ankle the day before our flight, and the attendants went out of their way to help make・"
"498" "I travelled by Korean air from New Delhi to Seoul in Nov 18 by business class, It was an amazing experience, The veg food served was of the highest class, the inflight attendants were very polite, efficient and made the flight comfortable.the only thing lacking is the choice of・"
"499" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"500" "Check-in , boarding are efficient, the economy class in the A380 isn't anything special, but it's ok, and you can't feel turbulences. We were travelling with a small child, so front row of the economy class. The armrest that you can't lift is annoying."
"501" "Overall excellent experience.  Newer airplanes. Latest entertainment systems.  Up to date facilities/airport gates (Incheon airport one of the best). All attendants seem happy/engaged."
"502" "We had a wonderful flight. Food was good, alcohol offered without a fee, and beautiful and courteous staff."
"503" "I was so disappointed with the airline service and food.  The flight attendants were nice but so unorganized.  For example you received your food but had to wait 30 minutes for your drink.  As a lover of Asian food, I can honestly say, this is the WORST FOOD EVER!!  I will not・"
"504" "I always fly to South Korea with Korean Air. It begin from the first time when I flown to SK with this airline in 2015, I just LOVE their service and all. They serve me like a princess even I fly with economy class. So than I began booked every flight to SK with Korean Air."
"505" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"506" "Most beautiful flight attendants. Clean interior good food efficient boarding departure on-time free bottle of water clean restroom"
"507" "This is the best company that i flight all my life. A very confortable seat, economy class with a very good atention by the tripulation, kindful people, and a lot delicious fresh food at the flight. My best experience"
"508" "Great flight!  The initial leg was operated by Delta on a Boeing 767 as a partner flying into Incheon International.  We transferred to Korean Air flying from Incheon to Cebu, Philippines on a Airbus A330.  All I can say is in all the years traveling, this had to be one of the・"
"509" "The service was fine during my flights, but the seats were unbearably uncomfortable. I even had a seat by an exit with unlimited leg room, but the long flights between the US and Korea left me so sore, I had to take an extra day off from work, just to recover."
"510" "The new Prestige (i.e. Business) suites on the B777-300ER are hard to beat on long haul. They offer lots of privacy and personal space, and a very large screen for entertainment. While food options with Korean Air can feel repetitive, and some of the IT systems need an update,・"
"511" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"512" "Excellent flight! On-time, fast check-in, boarding, and deplaning, great service, great entertainment, better food, clean plane, excellent overall comfort on the plane. Great value for the money."
"513" "Korean Air is good.  I am not talking about the airline.  But I was in the Mei-Yuan business lounge of China Airline in terminal 2.  It is just renovated in 2018.  This lounge used to be for high class card members.  Then took out all balcony for general guests. How about if you・"
"514" "It is nice airline with very good service between Seoul and Shanghai.  There are couple airlines between Shanghai Hongqiao and Seoul Gimpo airport, I personally prefer Korean Air. Part reason is because membership of Skyteam, other consideration is it is better than China・"
"515" "Nice airline lounge in Narita. Clean and professional. If you have time stop by before your flight. They have a self serve beer machine, snacks and drinks. Access through Priority Pass. Get here early though as by 3:30pm the lounge is at capacity and no longer accepting anyone・"
"516" "We had a three hour stopover in Seoul and throughout the journey the airline was on time for the flight schedule. The flights were comfortable. The legroom was much more comfortable than AirCanada international flights. The temperature in the cabin was kept more moderate than・"
"517" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"518" "Korean airlines is a  nice experience and recommend airlines for seoul. I feel its nice facilities in economy class .airline have nice menu for economy class travle ...nice support provided by airline staff ."
"519" "Nothing to say, not excellent but average and smiling service during the flight. Excellent before departure. Poor offer in Italian language on In-flight entertainment. Not bad the food. Good rate for direct flight."
"520" "I traveled economy, one red eye flight and one evening flight. The service was good but nothing particularly exceptional. The food was small but tasted okay. They offered bibimbap and another dish. The bibimbap tasted okay but it was mostly sauce and rice. The other option of・"
"521" "I booked my flight on Delta.com but I guess Korean Air and Delta have a code-sharing agreement so I ended up on Korean Air for the first time in my life.  The price of the economy flight was almost half that Delta charges so I picked it.  The flight had a 12 hour layover in・"
"522" "As I said above the flight was quite Pleasant even in the back and economy. My first long-haul trip an economy. But when you're being deported you don't really get much choice. Getting out of jail I'm getting out of a country that I used to love and not so much now, the goal is・"
"523" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"524" "I have taken Korean Airlines a few times. Good service. Staff are nice and polite.  The food is good which includes a choice of traditional korean food. Flights were on time."
"525" "First, I want it to be known this was not my first flight on Korean Air. I have flown them 9 times in the past and was in love with this airline.  This time around I have to say after 3 years using other carriers I was looking forward to the trip knowing the 5 star service I had・"
"526" "The cabin crew were friendly throughout my trip (both international and domestic) food was good, the drinks were enough and the legroom was spacious too. The inflight screen worked well for the flight leaving (but not as well on the flight back but it didn't matter to me) ・"
"527" "I was able to get an exit row, but I still saw how roomy the \"normal\" seats were.  The food was good, but it wasn't the best I've experienced in air.  The attendants were very friendly and attentive.   The only thing I didn't like was the lack of movie options, compared to other・"
"528" "Imagine your most luxurious hotel stay ever. Now take that and imagine that luxury on a flight.  The level of service is unsurpassed. I simply cannot wait to fly with them again. Thank you!"
"529" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"530" "Previously I commented the narrowness of their seats and also limited storage area.  They still are.  But I have now discovered the seats which give you a little more space to put your things away.  These are the aisle seats on the window side e.g.8C.  There is a small box like・"
"531" "Very nice attendants - uniform/hair--perfect. Issues with a few things-- hot towel to the second service of food-- wait 30 minutes to get food- No alcohol- strong. At the end of the flight one attendants sole job was to make sure that the toilet paper in the lav was folded in a・"
"532" "We chose our seats online during ticket purchase and they were changed at the gate. This is not right at all. We were moved to center row seats in the middle, eventhough we had window side seats. I believe they sold our seats as premium seats and just tossed us into undesirable・"
"533" "never ever ever again all of it. extra baggage cost showed a real customer contempt.   never ever ever will they see another dollar."
"534" "Superb in every way -  courteous attentive flight attendant, efficient pilot, a smooth flight with excellent amenities -- very good food (ordered vegetarian special meals), great choices in entertainment (watched a fascinating Korean soap opera with subtitles), easy short・"
"535" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"536" "If you don¨t have the same card as when booked the staff will crawl through your bank statement for 2 hours treated like an animal at slaughter  food gave me and several others dysentery  on a brighter note the cabin crew were fab.  almost made up for the worst flight of my life・"
"537" "This was my first time flying Korean air.  I have a friend who told me this airline was a five star even in economy class.  It was the opposite.  Food was terrible.  My entertaiment device did not work on both segments of the flight.  Sets selection was not a choice"
"538" "For my first flight to Korea I decided I needed to fly Korean Air. I could only afford Economy and initially was a little nervous about going so far without being able to recline all the way but I had no reason to worry. My flight left at 11:30pm and I settled in to sleep. About・"
"539" "good experience for the trip, punctual, family with kids gets to board early. Flight was full and loads of tourist. on flight food is normal nothing special.  Nothing really stands out, yet no bad comment means they do everything right. Great in flight entertainment with a large・"
"540" "I booked my flights through their website (Paris - Honolulu, and Honolulu-Paris): - First flight: they added a destination (Japan) and I never got notified, so big surprise when I got 3 tickets just to go to Hawaii - Second flight: they booked me 2 flights Hawaii-Seoul and・"
"541" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"542" "2018鰍 10杉 11析 獣球艦拭辞 昔探楳 搾走艦什 適虞什研 点柔艦陥.  焼掘人 旭精 庚薦亜 赤醸柔艦陥: 1. 搭左 蒸戚 奄曽痕井戚 赤醸柔艦陥: 据掘 奄曽精 覗軒什銅走 什是闘心澗汽 痕井吉 奄曽精 覗軒什銅走 十軒遁心柔艦陥. 什是闘櫛 十軒遁櫛 笛 託戚亜 赤柔艦陥.  2. 胡走亜 弦戚 竣昔 眼推研 薦因馬心柔艦陥.  3. 五敢毒拭 製縦弘戚 康嬢 赤醸柔艦陥.  4. 鯵昔遂 店切拭 壱蓄舌戚 康嬢 赤醸柔艦陥.  5. 是人 旭精 戚政稽 陳巴傾昔聖 梅澗汽 益暗拭 企廃 企荷亜 蒸醸革推.  6. 性 陳巴傾昔級聖・"
"543" "Iam a lover of international airlines. This is my first experience to travel from kirean air too much impressed good people smiling staff lovely service the best in my opinion no 1."
"544" "Traveled from DC to Asia, and going through Seoul results in cheaper flights. Bought tickets through Delta, but the JFK-Asia portion was by Korean Airlines (which is an awesome airline, but they don¨t provide wi-fi on their international flight -supposedly because south korea・"
"545" "The Goods: Check in & Boarding (From KUL) - No problem at all. In fact, was given priority as I was traveling with kid.  Seat (From KUL & from ICN) - Comfortable enough for me.  Legroom (From KUL & from ICN) - I am 165cm height and it is good for me. I do not remembering any・"
"546" "I have heard some great things about Korean Air¨s First Class experience and that is why I chose to save up my skymiles and use them for my honeymoon to take a Korean Air First class flight to Fiji.   We were so excited to have this experience as it is rare to get to fly first・"
"547" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"548" "If you are willing to spend a few thousand on a Business Class flight, Korean Air might not be your best bet, if alternatives are available. I recently flew Korean Air from Los Angeles to Mumbai on an A 380, and the experience has convinced me never to fly them, ever! Food,・"
"549" "Long flights are never fun, but at least this one was passable. An aisle seat with an unoccupied middle seat was a plus. Food was for the most part actually good. getting up for a walkabout to the rear \"kitchen\" was good for the legs - it surprises me how few people do this."
"550" "First time on Korean Air. The flight to Seoul was on a 747-800 so the cabin was newly done with everything looking fresh. I had a window seat and in that configuration it was actually a nice space (lots of legroom with a lie flat bed) with a modicum of privacy once in flight・"
"551" "Seats were fine although i didn¨t find them comfortable enough to sleep in. Okay movie selection. Food was incredibly salty and I was unable to eat it."
"552" "My flight to frankfurt with Korean started with feeling that is going to be not easy. 12 hours with full airplane. The inteteiment in Korean was very good  I was lucky to found some movies that i can watch. The service was good. The seats are comfortable with good room for legs.・"
"553" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"554" "I was really nervous to spend a full day flying but Korean airlines made it as pleasant as possible. They had great food and amazing service. The staff was very friendly and helpful and was just really great experience all around. I hope to fly with them again soon."
"555" "A380 and Boeing business class seat were nice and comfortable. Staff was attentive and helpful. Checkin and boarding process were smooth. Entertainment was ok. Food and drinks are really disappointed. Our night flight from bkk to Inchoen ( 5 hours) was no supplement, only serve・"
"556" "I have to give Korean Airlines a nod to their great service and professionalism. No complaints at all. The food service is good. Flight attendants helpful and friendly. Cleanliness is always good.  HOWEVER.  The seats in economy are the most uncomfortable things I have ever had・"
"557" "Went to check in the middle of the night and the check in system gave me a error message about my passport information... I call customer service to remedy the issues and received no assistance... all I want was a seat assignment before I¨m left with a middle seat for 21・"
"558" "I had been looking forward to this flight (this series of flights) for a long time, as Korean has always been on my bucket list of airlines to fly. The entertainment options were few for English speakers, and lacked updated moves/series. In addition, the options were exactly the・"
"559" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"560" "Sorry but I have to tell my own experience... on our flight there¨s not too much western only 4... my friends is not korean... she got racist service from crew... ok if she not korean or she doesn¨t understand korean language but as international airlines they must never do・"
"561" "Seamless service from check-in to lounge to flight. Very professional and friendly staff. Business class seating is comfortable but one arm rest disappears when reclining which could become a little uncomfortable for some.  Food was good, 4 courses including entree, soup, main,・"
"562" "Was hesitant to go on KA, but we loved this airline. The staff is professional, smiles (that is not on our domestic airline), and the food was great. There is a menu, and the beef bipinbap was great for airplane food. I would fly KA in a heart beat again."
"563" "the plane was big and comfortable, it was clean and smelled nice. the cabin temperature was just right, the food was also good. the stewardess were pretty and very helpful"
"564" "+Pro 1. impressive service 2. food is tasty  3. the crew walk along often 4. In flight entertainment is not bad: new movies and fun games  -Con 1. the seat is quite uncomfortable when you have to sit more than 5-6 hours"
"565" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"566" "Great flight attendants and service but the plane is very out of date. The tvs look like they were made in the 80s, the seats are very small and uncomfortable and they do not have internet. It was a very uncomfortable 5hr 30min flight to bangkok. Once we did arrive I thought we・"
"567" "This was my 20th flight with Korean air I have to say its always very consistent with great service. they are always on time, friendly service. they have new aircraft with the 787-9 Dreamliner which is great, I do wish they had wifi on board. Otherwise with the food and beverage・"
"568" "Quick check in and on time flight. The seat is comfortable with sufficient legs room and good selection movies. The crews kept the rest room clean and fully supplied with toiletries. Good food and excellent friendly service."
"569" "I think this is a combination of Delta Airlines and Korean Airlines.  For a 14 hour flight... having that extra leg room in Economy Class makes all the difference. There's plenty of room to get up and walk around to stretch you legs as well. No complaints about the staff or・"
"570" "SEAT ARRANGEMENT IS COMFORTABLE, Airline converted 9 seats into 8 seats, so chair is big which is comfortable for long journey. seat arrangement is 2 - 4 - 2 excess baggage charges are quite good. Inflight food is good. over all journey is comfortable."
"571" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"572" "I normally fly British Airways but we wanted a few days stop over on the way to Phuket and chose to stop in Seoul. Korean Air economy seat had more leg room than BA, large iPad size TV screens, bottle of water and toothbrushes as standard. The food was also good and I never eat・"
"573" "Flying from Korea to the US takes about 14 hours, the flying experience is very confortable. Every business seat has access to the aisle and a window, so there is freedom to move around. The meals includes delicious kimchi and just missing some Korean barbecue! From all these・"
"574" "Flew business class nyc to Bangkok via Seoul. The good ~ lay flat seat was fine. Plenty of storage room, food was good, huge bathroom, flight attendant service was great.  The bad - no WiFi, only 30 newish releases in English, the pillow was TINY, blanket was like a throw・"
"575" "My husband and I flew Korean Air from Atlanta to Bangkok with a short stop in Seoul, Korea. It was our first time flying so far and boy it was an experience. The flight was roughly 22 hours from start to finish. First let me say there is a marked difference in First Class,・"
"576" "As written in the title, Korean Air has never disappointed me. Speed of boarding process, timing of flight departure & arrival. kindness of crews, etc."
"577" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"578" "It was our first time taking korean air & We were surprised with the level of service we received for all 4 sectors sin-icn-yyz-icn-sin. Not only it was fantastic, it was consistent. Will definately take the airline again, especially pleasant during long flights."
"579" "I really enjoyed the hindu vegetarian meal KA provided for this flight. The service was good, and I was happy to have a flight without a layover. The only negatives were that the seats did not recline back all that far and the flight was super packed."
"580" "The first thing you notice is the lovely, professional, beautifully groomed flight staff and the clean, open cabin area.  We were on a Airbus 330 and it was set up with 6 First Class seats before the Business Cabin but all the seats were identical and no one flew in those seats.・"
"581" "It is ok to just have a seat, but as a business class their services are not good enough. I was declined the meal that I ordered. The movie selections are very limited. No wifi."
"582" "I have not flown with Korean Air for ages since and this time I flown with them for they have the best price and routing to Korea and Bangkok . Although is the economy class their seat are very comfortable and they still offer you a bag with a pair of disposable slippers and a・"
"583" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"584" "Service has been going down over past 2 years. Meal quality is very poor for front cabin, with options extremely limited between SFO and ICN. KE is possibly the last airline that doesn't offer wifi, and seat / hardware is poor and behind competitors such as Delta."
"585" "check in counter staff and particularly the supervisor proactively helped with my travel document issue and found a way to get me to my destination. They were friendly and helpful, going out of their way to help."
"586" "The absolute best airline. Beautiful women. Smiling all the time. Dressed like classic women. Even the men even though gay know I am not gay."
"587" "When it was time to order our meals, the attendant asked how I wanted  my beef tenderloin cooked. shocking enough that I was even asked, but what was truly shocking was I asked for medium rare and I GOT MEDIUM RARE. The snow peas were bright green, crisp and steamed to・"
"588" "Long flight, but the crew and attendants made the flight absolutely enjoyable. Even in economy the level of service was better than any domestic service I've even encountered. The Korean Air service is first class, highly recommend for overseas flights to the orient or anywhere・"
"589" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"590" "Pleasantly surprised economy on this airline seems to have more room than premium economy on some other airlines. Friendly helpful staff with a good choice of menu. Meals were good. Boarding and disembarking was handled quickly and efficiently."
"591" "Staff were friendly and provide great service with a smile. Seat was good with big leg room. We had bimbimbap which was nice."
"592" "My family and I flew for the first time on Korean Air as it provided the most competetive quote for our trip. We had minimum expectations. To our pleasant surprise there was good leg room and the food served was delicious. The service was excellent. Would certainly make Korean・"
"593" "We chose Korean Air as I had a bad experience with Emirates. I have flown KA before and was happy with them.We flew on the A380 which is huge but very new & clean. As usual the staff were very helpful and friendly and well presented. The meals were ok for airline food but its・"
"594" "I have travelled extensively over the last 25 years, flying on over 20 different airlines. I¨ve seen and experienced all of the horrible stories that seem to follow all the major airlines. You can imagine my surprise when I boarded my flight with Korean Air and proceeded to have・"
"595" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"596" "My first flight on Korean Air was good overall, with plenty of legroom and generally good service. The European food options were tasty but fairly small, and there was a long period of at least 5 hours on the flight where food and drink was not offered - quite a long time・"
"597" "The airplane was impressively clean, and the Prestige Class seating made the 13 hour trip (almost) painless.   Food selections are broad enough to please both Eastern and Western tastes. The flight attendants are extraordinarily friendly and helpful.  Boarding, Check-In and・"
"598" "I was flying Korean for my first time roundtrip to LED from ICN, impressed by TV advert etc. In no way Korean air is the best in the world, it's the worst! Even Royal Brunei is perfect compared to Korean. Plane was 15 years old, entertainment ugly, chairs space very small,・"
"599" "I have been flying with Korean Air on First Class、Business Class and Economy Class for several years. I am satisfied with the comfortable seats and food offered by Korean Air. Apart from this , I would like to mention that the services attitude of the cabin crew is extremely・"
"600" "I have not been in this route with Korean Air more than 10 years and it was short and sweet: First new first class lounge was big and very comfortable serving restruant style meal which was great. In flight service also supeb with delicious meal. Only complain i have was lacking・"
"601" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"602" "I will never fly korean air again.  They would not let me eat my food on the plain because it might bother other passengers.  It¨s night are you kidding me.  The smell would bother someone.     That¨s after they messed up my seat assignment.   Never again."
"603" "I had booked a flight with Chinese airlines to get from UB to Kathmandu. At the very day of the flight it turned out that China wouldn't accept my transit visa for this flight. Also I couldn't stay in Mongolia for one more single day due to visa regulations. 4 hours before the・"
"604" "why look somewhere els for flying to israel from Australia good airline food good the stay over night in korea make this trip even better"
"605" "I booked round trip ticket from jakarta to Las Vegas and Las Vegas to Hong Kong.  Both flights serves the same food (Bibimbap, chicken potato¨s, rice congee and ham omelette).  I am very disappointed with the food.  Why can they serve bulgogi instead of soup? Also they served・"
"606" "This airline was very professional and very accomodating to all passenger. All meals were very good. Dinner, brunch and breakfast. I would definitely recommend this airline. This was 14.30 hour flight. The staff made it feel like less."
"607" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"608" "Korean Air staff is friendly and clean but two things I wasn¨t too thrill was food. I took korean air 3 times this year and food was always the same and the cold noodles were horrible. 2 nd.. the mileage I have expires in 10 years from the day of flight. I have delta miles and・"
"609" "I was very disappointed with Korean Air. I have flown business class on numerous Asian airlines, and this was my least favorite. It starts with the peanuts. Seriously? A bag of peanuts in business class? The cheapest possible option for a snack to go with a drink. Every other・"
"610" "Korean Air is always my first choice because I like the food. You will never feel hungry in KE flights. But their service can be inconsistent. I will break down my review to 2 parts because I had 2 flights with them:   I flew from Singapore to Toronto, with a very quick layover・"
"611" "the agent who checked me in went above and beyond to find me a good seat! Everything has gone so smoothly 10/10 would 10/10 recommend"
"612" "Great airline and very comfortable, another thing important is the airplanes are not so crowded and price is fair if you.  fly is really relaxed and i moved to the center and slept flat in 4 seats all straight cover with blanket, flying like in my bed"
"613" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"614" "Wow. Flying the 747-8i first class is incredible only six suites in first. Service was excellent with the crew really making sure my little buddy was happy as well. From Korea to Thailand was on A330 which the seats are essentially the same as business class.  On the HNL to ICN・"
"615" "The cabin was well laid out and the seat very comfortable. Service was excellent and the staff were polite and highly attentive."
"616" "Took the night flight reaching in the morning. Checking in and boarding was such a breeze. Very friendly and helpful crew. Journey was smooth. We choose the muslim meal. In flight entertainment was up to date. All the latest blockbuster was available"
"617" "From the moment you step into the clean aircraft to the service on board, you already know in advance this will be a good flight. Service is everyone and now I realise the importance of comfortable travel compared to cheaper airlines. "
"618" "This was my first time traveling on Korean air and I was pleasantly surprised with the high quality service. The in-flight entertainment was good and the food served which was authentic Korean food was truly awesome.  Good leg space in the economy class and crew were very・"
"619" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"620" "Flew to South Korea from New York and then back in economy. Seats were roomy enough and apparently Korean air has the least seats per design in the a380 of any commercial carrier meaning they have the most room.   The flight attendants are very helpful and attentive. They served・"
"621" "We have flown with Korean Air several times and always found them to be superior to other airlines for our purposes.  The flight from Seattle to Incheon was long and, on other airlines, can be uncomfortable.  The cabin crew on Korean Air always goes the extra mile to provide・"
"622" "This was a better flight than the trip to Seoul.  The crew were somewhat more accommodating,  though still not up to Asian Airline standards,  the food acceptable,  the plane was new and clean.  The crew needs to be more proactive,  instead of just sitting around waiting on the・"
"623" "I had three flights with them on my last trip: one was a roundtrip from Seoul to Ho Chi Minh and the other was from Seoul to Atlanta, GA. Two of the three were fantastic! One of the legs were okay, so they get 4 stars. Service for the most part was great and the food too. I・"
"624" "it was great.. the food was wonderful.. the seats are so  big you get lost..when I opened my eating utensils I had the whole draw what do I use first... it was fun.. they need to offer eye patches  this would help...love the 2nd floor"
"625" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"626" "This is my third time flying with Korean Air on my annual trip to China. Very fortunate to fly first class cabin with them on all three trips. Value is very good. Service was superb and very attentive. It is easier for me as I have got used to their routines and service. We flew・"
"627" "My wife and I took advantage of the Korean Fall Holidays (Cheoseok?) and spent the week in Japan. We booked through Orbitz, and Korean Air provided updates on aircraft & seat changes. Flying from Korea on Korean Air Business Class provided us express security screening and・"
"628" "Had two flights to get to Denpasar from Chicago--both Korean Air. First flight was 13 hours and was tortuously uncomfortable. However, the crew was very nice and always helpful and cheerful."
"629" "Korean Air has the best customer service I've experienced with an airline.  Food and entertainment was good. For economy seating, it was plush and comfortable. I would highly recommend."
"630" "This airline is special. Enough said after flying for over 40 years just fly Korean Air. The meal is special, free beer with legroom in economy as a six foot two guy "
"631" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"632" "I love the korean air the fact that it only has one stop to my destination, they have superb airport, however, I feel the flight crew lack proper training in customer service.  One time the airplane wasn't able to landed on time, so it kept circling around the air till I start・"
"633" "The flight out was delayed so we missed the connection in Incheon meaning we lost half a day I returned my first meal as it was stone cold on this flight. The flight back was delayed for a round a hour first meal was a salad OK the second meal was lope warm my daughter refused・"
"634" "Korean Airlines is the best.  The sit▲s are comfortable and the service quick.  The meals served is really nice.  I know that the price can be a bit more expensive than some other companies but It is a well expend money."
"635" "Actually I flew to Seoul, then to Prague. Flew out Vienna and then to Seoul, then Sydney. I really liked the leg room in Economy. More than Ive noticed on others - including Qantas, JAL, Vietnam, Asiana, Singapore Malaysian, China Eastern, Thai etc., very roomy for Economy. ・"
"636" "Very good service. Provided with meals, wine, water, slippers and even toothbrushes. Courteous flight attendants and allowed 2 free checked bags."
"637" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"638" "First time on Korean Air for what was a short sub 2-hour flight from Tokyo to Seoul. Staff were extremely helpful throughout and always had a smile. Even more impressive is that on such a short hop, we had full IFE and hot lunch with complimentary drinks. Certainly not my・"
"639" "This is the first time I have ever written a negative review, but what happened should not go forgotten and untold. If I could rate this 0/5, I definitely would.  I¨m a VERY frequent flyer and have travelled to almost every country possible. My passports are full of stamps and・"
"640" "My daughter and I received excellent customer service from flight steward Hyeon Min Sik during our flight from San Francisco to Incheon on Oct 7, 2018.  We had an economy class ticket but it felt like we were in first class because of the excellent level of service we received・"
"641" "From when we checked in at SeaTac till we arrived in Hanoi they were very friend and very helpful from check, entertainment choices and help on the plane to our connecting flight. I highly recommend this airline to anybody flying overseas. Thank you Korean Air for a Great and・"
"642" "Very interesting to fly with Korean. Helpful staf and a food selection to remember. The service is outstanding and every moment you want they are ready to help you.. Good chairs were it's possibly to sleep. The airbus is low of noise."
"643" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"644" "Was surprised at the excellent service on the flight. Much better than most South Asian Airlines. Seat pitch in economy  is 34\" more than most business class seats on other airlines. The crew are very courteous. The second leg of the flight was a 787. Service and food choice are・"
"645" "This was my first experience on KAL and I had a good flight. The business class seating was comfortable but not the best I've ever seen. I was able to sleep fairly well despite the lay-flat being just a bit short for me. They have both Western and Korean food selections. I went・"
"646" "good airline great service, pleasant crew. food was great smooth landings , would fly with them again"
"647" "It was our first flight with this airline and it was a very positive experience from checkin to disembarking. We flew in economy and the staff were very pleasant and helpful. The food on the plane was even tasty and the leg room seemed larger than usual. Also they provided free・"
"648" "On the way out of Singapore on Korean Air, flight was somewhat pleasant. It was an overnight full flight so of cos resting wasn¨t great. But the seats were well spaced and comfortable. Crew¨s pretty young and accommodating so five stars there. Only annoyance was we had to・"
"649" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"650" "It was my first flight with Korean Air after which I was happy and with good impressions. Flight duration was about 10 hours. We had quite tasty meals and drink services. Cabin crew was quite polite and professional."
"651" "Flew from Chicago to Bangkok through Incheon ( Seoul ) and return the same route and the flight was great ! Flew in economy and there was leg room unlike some other airlines and the flight was just as smooth as sitting at home in a chair. The food was good and we actually got・"
"652" "Great direct flight from Switzerland to Seoul. The service was good, the food fairly good for airlines standards. The seat pitch in economy is slightly above average, which gives you a tiny bit more legroom. The entire experience from check-in to departure and arrival sent・"
"653" "Great service, flight attendants are very polite, food was good, had bibimbap rice on all of my flights. They offer free food for short haul flights too (HKG to ICN) so that was good. They hand out juices and waters multiple times during the flight so you are definitely reminded・"
"654" "Much better and cheaper than Cathay Pacific(HK own airline)! What really surprised me: kimchi was not served on this flight as well as other two flights that I flew with KE this yr. Interesting to find out on my home bound leg.  I love \"bibimbap\" but those served by KE was・"
"655" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"656" "The korean air flight attendants are really charming, well dressed and well groomed. They are very helpful and always smile, and that makes me really comfortable.  I really like that they will come out with drinks a few times after meal services.i havent seen that with other・"
"657" "City check-in in Seoul Station. Hassle-free travel to  Incheon Airport by AREX, The terminal two was new, modern, sapacious, efficient.It was only opened for Skyteam Alliance yet. The Boeing 787-9 was excellent as well. The plane was good legroom and comfortable seats. FA was・"
"658" "If you want to experience the snow wonderland, recommend you to go to Hokkaido in November when it starts to snow and in March when there still is snow. Or else if you go to Hoikkaido from December to February, you would pay more than twice."
"659" "On the basis of good reviews of new 1:2:1 seat configuration in business class, I chose Korean. In making the booking on the airline website, I was able to confirm seat configuration and select a single window seat. I was utterly dismayed to find 2:2:2 configuration in an Airbus・"
"660" "I've actually flown with Korean Airlines a few times and each flight has never failed to impress.  The flights are very smooth, flight attendants are very nice and accommodating.  Good meals and just about anything you wish to drink."
"661" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"662" "Business class service on Korean Air is very comfortable.  The attendants are polite and helpful.  I started in the business class lounge at Seattle which is shared with Delta and enjoyed the sunny exposure with windows overlooking the runways and out to the Olympic Mountains. ・"
"663" "I flew round trip from Seoul to Hanoi on Korean Air and was very happy with the level of service from check in to the time we landed. Very quick check in times and very attentive service while in the air. Decent food and continuously offering free water, juice, soda and wine or・"
"664" "Returning from Manila via Incheon to connect this flight. I notice on each flight prior to departure and before landing all cabin crew check the overhead bin make sure they are secure. Catering is good and I try to order Korean meal instead of western meals. After the first meal・"
"665" "10hrs flight from nadi to incheon....then 3hrs to cebu....flight and very friendly service.....meals were great.....inflight entertainment was good as well....no delays  our 2 flights to  cebu and return flight back to nadi via manila...."
"666" "We had a very pleasant 9.00am departure flight from Seoul Gimpo to Osaka. The flight was only 50% capacity so there was plenty of space and we had 3 seats between two of us. Korean Air has one of the most generous Economy class seats in the came and my 6' frame had ample leg・"
"667" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"668" "A very smooth and comfortable flight. Smiling flight attendants made for a very pleasant flight. We selected the vegan option for meals. Inchon airport is brand new and beautiful. I learned, from a young Korean lady seated next to me, that the correct pronunciation of Seoul,・"
"669" "My last flight travelled on Korean Air must be more than 30 years ago. Once got on the flight my seat has a bag with slipper & toothbrush, headset and a bottle of water. I choose bibimbop for my lunch and half way through cabin crews started to dustribute bananas and peanuts.・"
"670" "I have recently been traveling with Korean Air due to their amazing service. I have always had nothing but pleasant experiences, but this time was even better than the rest. Flight attendants were over the top amazing! They were very attentive and were always available when I・"
"671" "Thoroughly satisfactory return flight from London to Seoul. Out on an A380 (interestingly split into small compartments internally, so you get little sense of how large this plane is). Back on a 747. Legroom good both ways. Service good. Good selection of films. Generally low・"
"672" "Comfortable seating.  Good lighting for reading.  Decent meal for airline food.  Plane was on time and ride was smooth."
"673" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"674" "The standards have dropped badly. My last flight was delayed 1.5 hours, while the engines were test, with the passengers on board. As a result, I missed my connection in Seoul. There, the Korean employee did not enter my meal preference for the new flight. The crew had NO meal・"
"675" "We flew round trip economy JFK to ICN. On the outbound flight we were pleasantly surprised by being seated before the galley with lots of legroom; getting up to stretch and such was a breeze without interrupting anyone. We didn¨t have such luck on the return, but for economy,・"
"676" "I usually take Korean Air when I travel overseas. They are truly the best, and show you what customer care should be like on an airplane. The food is great, and service exceptional! The staff have always been professional, friendly, and accommodating. My experiences throughout・"
"677" "Korean Air is truly a remarkable airline. It provides exceptional service whether it'd be to Asia, the US, and Europe. The pilots, stewardesses, and staff provide excellent customer care and service. My flights are always comfortable and great! The food they serve is good and・"
"678" "Overall the flight was satisfactory. My husband and I are vegetarians and forgot to specify when booking our flights. The staff was very accommodating and was still able to pull something together for us. The food was the best food I have ever had on an airplane. Still wasn't・"
"679" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"680" "The crew were friendly and the seat was reasonably comfortable. However the head part of the seat is rather hard. Offer free drinks for even a very short flight."
"681" "Nice staff, the meal for my baby was good, in quantity and quality. We were sitting on the row where you can put a bassinet for babies. Mine was too tall but there is more space than the other row so it was good to play with my child during the flight."
"682" "Any flights that get you to the destination in one piece and in relative comfort should be excellent. I would give that if the food was excellent but alas for economy class it is hard to find an airline that can provide excellent food. The planes, staff and overall experience・"
"683" "the flight was some what comfortable , good leg room, staff are very nice, they offered my requested meal exactly, the only disadvantage is the chairs padding need to be more comfortable especially it is a long flight 8hrs and 30 min. entertainment is poor, old movies and not・"
"684" "Our flight to Asia was enjoyable and comfortable. The airline food was good compare to other airlines we used before. I chose the beef and my daughter got the korean noodles which was good too. Offers wine or tea after each meal. Airline fare was reasonable but then it also・"
"685" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"686" "Efficient, friendly, service, clean facilities, good food with suitable variety and large variety films"
"687" "Korean Air has great counter and in-flight service, but, as I have mentioned before, their baggage handling is bad. Be sure to use very strong luggage. In flight the attendants are very nice and willing to make you comfortable. If you fly OUT of CEBU, READ THIS!! After you check・"
"688" "Cabin crew command of English is fairly basic but adequate for most purposes.   The leg room is second to none . As good as any airline I have sat. I am 180 cms.  Knees are not touching the front seat.   I would fly Korean air again just for this reason."
"689" "If you're a frequent flyer of this airline, you will experience of their quality of service. Especially, cabin crews are the best among all of the airliners. Environment of aircraft was pretty good and enjoyable entertainment systems. Strongly recommend Korean Air!"
"690" "The service was excellent in my flight from Mumbai to Seattle via Seoul . The crew were always alert and polite . The leg space was good and the flight was on time . The vegeterian meal was also upto the mark ."
"691" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"692" "A standard A330 200 with 2-2-2 business class configuration. Nothing special and standard seat. Service is excellent. Average food but beverages were  premium. Enjoyed the entertainment options and sure free menu."
"693" "An excellent service on my flight with Korean Air from Osaka through Incheon to Tel Aviv.  A complementary visit to the lounge in Incheon Airport was included."
"694" "zrh-icn-zrh on a b777. with 34 inches an outstanding seat pitch for economy. we travelled with our one year old daughter who, as usual for a toddler, wasn｀t too happy to be in a plane for so long and crying for hours and hours. the crew was amazingly patient, always smiling at・"
"695" "A wonderfull flight with its A380 aircraft to my stop-over point in Seoul. Service is good, great food and of course its inflight entertainment is also up to date features its latest movies international and regionale."
"696" "We've all seen the glossy ad on TV with the smartly dressed cabin crew doing their model strut down the runway - literally.  Planes with interiors that look so light and airy and inviting.  Yeah, well, that's the ad.  The reality wasn't quite like that.  There weren't any・"
"697" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"698" "Flew from ATL to Seoul and then onto Bangkok. The upper deck of business class was very quiet and comfortable.  The flight attendants were all very friendly and polite. The seats were a little close to each other, but they were pretty comfortable. The food was really good and・"
"699" "It was raining that day -- a bleak morning's harbinger to a very noir experience.  I was fooled by this flight, advertised as DL 1003, one would think DL meant that Delta operated the flight -- I did not read the size 8 font that indicated it was operated by Korean Air. Never・"
"700" "I always search for, request and only fly with Korean air.  Their customer service and responsiveness is second to none.  The food for international flights is the best of any airline.  Keep up the good work.  Everyone could learn from this airline."
"701" "疎汐精 中歳備 畷梅壱 奄鎧縦精 引拝 舛亀稽 言戚 赤醸陥. 渋巷据級精 搾楳 鎧鎧 焼爽 庁箭梅壱, 奄鎧 短衣雌殿亀 昔探拭辞 似覗空獣什坪稽 哀 凶 左陥澗 杉去備 禽嬢概陥.  廃亜走 層搾吉 慎鉢税 鎧遂戚 陥献 辞搾什 託据引澗 託戚亜 弦紹陥.  Seat was so comfortable and food was amazing. Staffs in fleight had been so kind till the last second and cleanliness was remarkable.  ・"
"702" "We specifically chose Korean Air for this trip,  but the quality has slipped quite substantially.  Pluses:  brand new 787,  nice ground crew,  and some nice attendants (and some very rude).  Negatives:  unable to reconcile our frequent flyer id,  therefore did not get miles, ・"
"703" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"704" "The Asians are normally quite exceptional with service, but Korean air was over the top. The service and flight experience were wonderful, especially on such a long haul flight. I have 3 million miles on Delta, 1.5 Million miles on United and almost half a million on American.・"
"705" "they have a good services and tasty meal. but one problem, even it is an international flight, they only allowed to bring 23kg of baggage."
"706" "Worst airline and absolutely no customer service!  We flew from ORD to BKK connecting in ICN and we were stopped in ICN and Korean Air would not let us continue to Bangkok.  They claimed it was due to insufficient documents - even though my mother in law had US travel documents,・"
"707" "The web check-in was quick and easy then I checked my suitcase and everything went well. The staff was really nice, the food was ok and the journey was smooth! "
"708" "They provide high-quality services even for the economy classes. The leg room is larger than any other airline economy class. the food is great. But the owner's family of this company is not so great according to the media."
"709" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"710" "The leg space for Korean Air had been something I am not used to since I am taller when compared to peers.   At the same time, whoever is traveling to Seoul will need to take note that flights are arriving/departure from Seoul T2 which can be confusing."
"711" "when i booked my seat i couldnt book from korea to manila howeve i could book other way .  i called korean company in Osaka Japan .  one of staff just said excuses with lies without i see other passanger Situation .  she said ur ticket is different compare to other passanger . ・"
"712" "Cons Poor entertainment and movies Average service Check in service is average   Pros Food is good  Overall it is an average flight experience"
"713" "We had a super long haul flight from Chicago to Bali and the service was impeccable on both flights.   We usually do business class long haul but decided to try their economy which ended up being excellent.   The first leg ORD to Korea was good - I wasn¨t a fan though of all the・"
"714" "I am a retired American expat living in Thailand. I have always flown Korean Air between the US and Thailand and have never had anything but exceptional service. Their equipment is spotless, their staff courteous, efficient, and friendly, and their attention to detail superb.  ・"
"715" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"716" "This airline seems to have more leg space in economy class than most others.  Service was good.  Everything went smoothly and efficiently.  We were on time with no problems in either direction.  Food on first leg was quite ordinary, but really good on the second leg departing・"
"717" "A  recent experience was flying with Korean air with our destination as Amsterdam. Our travel agent recommended KA as we would get a free night in a hotel in Seoul as long as there was a significant break between our flight in and our on-flight out.  The hotel, and included・"
"718" "My husband and I have been travelling 1-3 times a year in the past 5 years and most of those were with Korean Airlines. If we can help it, we really find flights with KAL. The service is just above and beyond. From the ticketing counter, to the boarding counter and the flight・"
"719" "I really recommend this airline! It was a really long flight (another airline San Juan to NY, from NY to Korea and then ) Korea to Bali and I must say it was a very comfortable one!! The flight attendants are very kind and attentive to your needs. I really recommend this・"
"720" "I have never experienced this sort of disservice in this class in al my many travels. Staff are not helpful. For the money they charge there is a lot more to be improved. I will never fly korean again and i will not recommend them Dr. Nibu Varguise"
"721" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"722" "It was my first flight to US. In spite of being a frequent flyer, I¨m not a member of Morning Calm or Sky Team Elite, it has been a long time since I had taken a flight abroad. ICN Terminal 2 was too spacious and has so many travelers.  During first half of flight, there was・"
"723" "As a million miler on this airline, i am familiar with their pampered services and this trip was no exception. Even though, i prefer their latest 747-900 suite better, this 380 was comfortable. Food was great, only missing part was korean tradtional kimchi which is now served in・"
"724" "It was my first time flying with Korean Air and had a great experience. There's a lot more legroom than other airlines and seats seemed wider as well."
"725" "Their food and accommodations were excellent. I had their bebim bok cook su and it was very tasty and filling.  They also served complimentary wine and beer on flight."
"726" "This was my first experience on Kirean Air. It was a great flight with excellent service. I was dreading a nearly 14 hour flight however Korean Air made it a breeze. Even in the economy section there was a good amount of leg room. The flight attendants were English speaking (a・"
"727" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"728" "This review never got posted. Return PVG ICH. All I can say swim across, this airline sucks. Chose to fly different air line on return and my PA is looking for a job. Why on earth would you waste you money even if the company pays for it. "
"729" "The flight attendants are THE BEST part of Korean Air! They're extremely friendly and attentive. Each of them could communicate in English with great proficiency, which is not as common in other East Asian airlines. The food was not great. It was very bland. However, you can ask・"
"730" "Took an hour and a half before any drinks came out, when they did it was only soft drinks. I asked twice for a glass of wine, another 30 mins later I got one with the meal. Despite the tiny glasses it was obvious they didn¨t want to do top ups. After 5 or 6 shots of wine they・"
"731" "I've also flown business class with United, China Air, and Lufthansa. I'd rate Korean Air above United and China Air (which was easily the worst of the 4). Only Lufthansa offered better cabin experience and menu. Movie selection was OK - not as 'rich' as with United but, unlike・"
"732" "Check-in was very smooth, flight was excellent, very comfortable seat, good service and nice staff. :) "
"733" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"734" "There is no way around it - it takes forever to fly to Korea. But Korean Air did everything they could to make the flight more comfortable - even in the economy section.  The flight crew was attentive, the 2 meals we received (Yes - meals) were very good, and the flight・"
"735" "Despite a very long layover of 20 hours at Incheon (arriving from ULN at 2120 hrs and departing at 1700 hrs the following evening), the ICN airport has good facilities, including reasonably good free beds to get some sleep, if you can grab one that's empty and if you can・"
"736" "A nice flight that left on time. Friendly and efficient service. One thing that you need to be aware of is the audio socket used for viewing movies etc. is not a standard two same length pin setup. One pin is shorter than the other which means I could not use my Bose headphones・"
"737" "My connecting flight with Korean Air to Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia was canceled yesterday (Sep 19, 2018) due to the weather condition at the destination. Today it was canceled again (Sep 20, 2018). I am the airport for 24h so far and expected to wait another 24h as I write this・"
"738" "My flight by Korean Air was a cancelled due to the weather conditions. It is already 38 hours I am staying at the Incheon airport without any food voucher and accommodation. It is uncertain if the flight will take off tomorrow. Korean Air terminal 2 manager said the company has・"
"739" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"740" "Always perfect service with a smile. Flights on time, food better than average in the air. Seats as confortable as possible."
"741" "Actually travelled in Feb 2017. First time with Korean Air, and longest flight duration I had been on. Very impressed with service, timeliness, meals, etc.  Will be my preferred airline, for future trips. "
"742" "The flight was delayed due to technical reason. The plane took off i think more than 60 minutes late from schedule. Waited for quite long after boarding. The food was OK. The flight attendant was nice, but not all of them were nice. Great IFE, comfortable seat and legroom, they・"
"743" "This was my first time flying with Korean Air.  I found their service and food were awesome!  The staff was attentive and very polite.  The seating was comfortable and overall it was a really great flight!"
"744" "This flight was cheaper than the National Japanese carriers or even the American ones but it was an extremely long day. My flight over was fine arriving just after I left (even though it was via Korea) due to the crazy time difference. Food and seat comfort were fine but the・"
"745" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"746" "Much better than expected. Very happy with airline, flights were on time, service was good. meals were very good and baggage allowance included."
"747" "Last minute flight for work. Very attentive and kind Flight staff. Good food. Only complaint would be limited videos. One of the nicest and polite services which is nice because my flights were long international; 13 - 15 hours. When I needed to get my ticket even the ticket・"
"748" "I am a Gold member for VN airline, but got stuck in middle seat between two non-member flyers :(.  Also Golden Lotus mileage from VN air does not have the same support as Skyteam overall, its less."
"749" "Not a real long flight, 7 hours, but the time went by quickly. Inflight entertainment was top notch, seats were comfotable and everything was ontime. Great flight!"
"750" "Service during fligt was on a good level. From positive points - more room for legs. Food and  drinks were also good"
"751" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"752" "The aircraft has enough leg room. Food is nice. Another good thing in their aircraft is that they have a place for their duty free product which is open for the whole period of the journey. So you can purchase whenever you wanted."
"753" "Living in Edmonton & doing business in Hanoi, I have to make frequent trips every year to catch up with the family.  Having tried different routes, finally for the last couple of years I am settled with KOREAN AIR for the sheer reason, it has the best connectivity from Hanoi to・"
"754" "My second time flying with Korean air. Staff are friendly and helpful. Seats are slightly more spacious than AC, which I fly from Seoul to Canada. Meals are decent. Hot rice (Korean style mix rice bowl) is a plus."
"755" "The only way to fly...Priority class with this superb airlines! Priority lounge in New York and Seoul were good. Love to see it upgraded! While I traveled, Korean Air news clouded by some family issues...but pay that no mind. Good Korean cuisine, timely and safe flights to and・"
"756" "The flight with korean was very nice. The plan was clean all over the flight. The service was good. The crew is very orgnized the mark all the spceial seats foor food requesr (kosher for me). The service during the flight was good. The seat include screen with alot of fun like・"
"757" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"758" "I am a frequent flyer with Korean Airlines because they are simply the most efficient, friendly and clean airline I've ever flown with.  On my latest journey (I travel 2-5 times a year with them), I was very late arriving in Incheon with only 40 minutes until my connecting・"
"759" "Korean Air should be the role model for all commercial airline companies.  Great plane layout, great service, on time and clean.  Why is it so difficult for US carriers to be able to offer great flying service for the same price as Korean Air can provide?"
"760" "Very Friendly service, used my name at all times. Food very nice and plentiful. Flight delayed due to Heathrow congestion."
"761" "Excellent service, interesting food, and comfortable flight. For such a long flight (10 hours) it was made very pleasant with conscience stewards and a pilot that kept us above bumpy weather. I look forward to another trip on Korean Air."
"762" "Lovely flight attendants.  Very nicely and professionally dressed.Very clean and neat plane and for economy seats they are comfortable."
"763" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"764" "Korean airlines now partners with Delta is great.  The long trip to asia from the US was comfortable and satisfactory.  The food was great with at least 3 selections at every meal. Entertainment was fantastic with recent films and tv and games.  The flight crew was very・"
"765" "I was flying Delta from Bangkok to Seattle.  They use Korean Air from Bangkok to Seoul.  The service and food was superior to that served on Delta.  The headphones for music and videos was much superior to Delta. The only downside is that because I booked through Delta, I could・"
"766" "Travelled for the 1st time in Korean Air,  business class lounge in Seoul Korea was like a railway station. Too many people,  food was average and internet was absolutely horrible,  couldn't work at all, fo future travels will try to avoid going through incheon if possible"
"767" "We had a good first experience with Korean Air.  We were flying from Washington to Chiang Mai, and only Korean Air goes that route without an extra stop in Bangkok.  We booked with Expedia as we're longtime customers and actually their website is easier to navigate than Korean・"
"768" "Very good option to fly to South Korea (direct from Madrid) or Australia (direct from Seoul) from Europe. There are 2 meal options, 2 international food and 1 korean food. I miss more language options for movies (spanish subtitles), but this is not very important for me, you can・"
"769" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"770" "I travelled to Seoul and Jeju on a solo trip in March this year. It was my first time on Korean Airlines. The crew were courteous and friendly throughout.One of the nice touches they did for their in-flight service was to put up a sticker label for passengers who were skipped・"
"771" "Korean Airlines provides one of the best service in the industry. The Air Crew are very courteous and accommodating, waste no time in attending to our needs as soon as we come on board."
"772" "Well first of all I would like to say thank you for the good service that Korean air had to offer .... I was in love with the air line staff as they were very helpful, Beautiful and kind heated .. talking about the food .. I got 2 meals which I enjoyed and thought was good...・"
"773" "I book 3 seats on the Korean Air. I took the window seat with my dad in the aisle seat and my mum in the aisle seat adjacent to my dad. I was taking them to Europe. When I got to my seat there was a gap between my seat and the window. Big enough to fit 2 bags! Wonderful. The・"
"774" "Excellent service. Press the call button and they actually come (rapidly). Economy class is just that but as well done as that limitation permits. Loos clean, good range of films etc. Food is very satisfactory - both Korean and European options. However they don't provide pepper・"
"775" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"776" "This airline was above and beyond with their service.   The flight was delayed by 30 min and I only had a 50 min connection. They got myself and 4 others onto the connecting flight with our bags and to our destination with minimal delays."
"777" "I traveled on  Round ticket of Korean air for mumbai sf mumbai. The experience was very good. All staff member those who interact with me were very nice and pleasing. My preferred food was veg. and was served perfect.  seat leg room good. Smooth and safe flight. very・"
"778" "The first leg to Seoul was great, nice seats and quite modern on a smaller 777-200 ( or 300) plane The stopover included in price was also geat in a nice hotel room. But the leg from Seoul to London was in their A380-800 and seats were very basic, side by side. Very disappointed・"
"779" "A very good flight with excellent service.  Prestige class was very good with comfortable lay-flat bed, plenty of room, etc.   Fast track through security and access to lounges was a bonus"
"780" "Excellent service, outstanding food and wine selection.  The bed and pj's are very comfortable. They act on your needs before you have to ask. The flight time to Korea from US is horrendous, but KE excellent staff makes it seem like a beautiful dream."
"781" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"782" "I was very pleasantly surprised with this airline.  All the stewardesses were friendly.  The plane was clean.  They offered amenities like complimentary headphones, toothbrush and toothpaste. The food was good. And they even gave you a hot towel before your second meal.  I・"
"783" "Best airline breakfast. Get the Asian food. I had bibim bap and it was tasty. I saw these other westerners chowing down on the lame pancakes or frosted flakes. I was in tummy heaven. It is a long flight to Korea and usually a long layover in my case as my destination is Chiang・"
"784" "I thought the trip was good, the staff was very attentive to all of the passenger request. The food was good for airline food, but it was the same choices no matter what part of the flight you were in, Years ago, I can remember getting meals that you got depended on what time of・"
"785" "I was so excited to find out that we would be flying to Vancouver on the Boeing 787. I must say from the start it was obvious that the Boeing was the better product, much superior to the A350. The flight crew greeted us on the aircraft and they did a fantastic job the whole・"
"786" "Korean Air provided us with a comfortable flight and friendly service. Food great and in flight entertainment kept us interested for the whole trip."
"787" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"788" "This is a really great airline.  We flew economy but were treated like first class.   Very comfortable seats, great meals.   We would definitely fly with Korean Air again"
"789" "What a great experience on this airlines.  Both to and from our destination the boarding went very smoothly and organized, the flight was 14 hours long and we were given two meals plus snacks and beverages.  All the meals were very good.  Wine and beer was free. Seats were・"
"790" "I flew Economy and was a little worried given the length of the flight of 12 hours. However, it was quite pleasant given the circumstances and the crew, very kind and accommodating. I decided to be adventurous and ordered the Korean lunch plate which turned out to be quite・"
"791" "This airline is very organized with excellent customer service while checking in and in flight.  The food was okay but they do serve more Asian type meals.  We made sure not to not have the fish.  The crew was excellent in ensuring that we had everything we needed and were very・"
"792" "My first time with Korean air and it was perfect. Staff was very friendly. Landing was smoothly done. Meal was just good not too much tasty. I have enjoyed the flight and would recommend to other travelers. "
"793" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"794" "Korean Air does a decent job on International Flights, I was on an A380 Jumbo Double Decker. They set up their layouts and give you a reasonable amount of leg room even in the economy section. I spent 14+ hours in a middle seat and actually was fairly comfortable and I am a big・"
"795" "The flight was excelent with unbelivable nice and helpfull staff. Verty good food in the aicraft. Overcroded busineess lounge in the Seoul Airport."
"796" "Ive been using Korean air for more than a decade now, and regardless of issues in and out of top management, the airline and the service quality had always been good Will ise it for the mileage too"
"797" "The flight was on time, good take off and landing. Good entartainment on bord, excelent corean food ( bibimbap)."
"798" "I recently travelled from Utah to Vietnam. I used Korean Air as code share with Delta. I've never travelled on Korean Air before this trip. I normally choose Delta because they deliver an on time product.       I was absolutely blown away by the difference between the two・"
"799" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"800" "Korean Air Business class products are at best mediocre.  The experience is inconsistent. This flight (KE 26, operated on B777) is a 2 3 2 configuration in business class and does not have flat bed (it's an angle flat, although the airline advertises as flat).  In Business・"
"801" "It¨s a long 11 hour flight to Seoul from Seattle, but Korean Air did a great job at keeping us fed and relaxed. I would certainly travel with them again anywhere they fly!"
"802" "Reasonable price for flight.  All legs on time.  Food was not so great.  Quality of food and taste were suspect.  I¨d fly again if the price was right.  Booked through a third party company and could not select my seat for the initial domestic leg which sucked."
"803" "It was my first time to travel via Korean Airlines . I decided to do a side trip to Korea before heading to Manila for my aunt¨s centennial birthday celebration. I was very pleased with the food they served throughout  the round trip from JFK- Seoul- Manila and back . Two weeks・"
"804" "We flew nonstop both ways. Legroom in economy was reasonable, especially given the long flights. Service was pleasant and efficient."
"805" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"806" "Excellent underrated airline all aspects of the trip were very good from check in , in flight and stopover we in Incheon"
"807" "The service in the air was very good. The flight attendants were very pleasant, helpful and graceful. The only place where the service falls down is changing planes in Korea. I needed to use a wheel chair this trip due to a bad knee. So they take you to the customs and security・"
"808" "Korean Air was one of the best airlines I have flown. The seats were spacious and the food was excellent. The flight attendants were very accommodating and professional."
"809" "I felt very comfortable all flight time so it was good to me such as meals, attitute, service and so on. Thanks again"
"810" "Los Angeles to Bangkok flight is typically 17 hours or more depending on the airlines, and we typically book premium economy for better comfort on this long flight. We always stick to well known airlines for better safety records and services, and they all are a bit pricey.・"
"811" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"812" "Flight and service were great.  Only complaint is seats in coach are not comfortable, need more cushion in the seat area and the seats do not recline that much."
"813" "Korean Air inflight service is very hard to beat - especially on long hauls. Great food and very friendly and helpful crew."
"814" "excellent service and good food and decent wine, travel amenities like freshly laundered towels, headphones,  and new (throw away) pillows for everyone.  The economy class travel lounge at Incheon (on 2nd floor) is great. There are comfy recliners to sleep on"
"815" "Boarding was smooth and pleasant, priority were given to special needs, and small children.  Entertainment console- nothing worth complimenting. little choice. food selection- 3 choices to select from of which one is local rice-bowl biibimbap. Seats- 49hours upon web check in.・"
"816" "When flying from Australia to Europe this flight gives you the opportunity to break your flight in half - about 10 hours each leg.  Korean Airline also provides overnight accommodation  which is an added bonus to your flight. The new airport has many facilities, which makes your・"
"817" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"818" "Very impressed, lots of leg room for a Boeing 777. Staff were very attentive, food very good.  Good selection of on board films"
"819" "We thoroughly LOVE Korean Air.  We usually fly Business Class with them but this time we booked a tour, which bought the cheapest seats in economy.  Nevertheless, we were still treated like royalty in economy class.  We have always said that United staff as well as American・"
"820" "Is Korean Air becoming a Low Cost Carrier?  The meal service is minimal. You are given the smallest cup of wine and the smallest cup of water ever. They do not come around a second time. Coffee and tea are served too late after the meal is served. You sit there with your food・"
"821" "What a delight to get on an Asian airline.  Food was good, service was great. Seats were comfortable."
"822" "Crew and passengers are both rude. Have no regard for anyone from other countries. Impotent and incompetent airline. Only for koreans."
"823" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"824" "We were a senior and teenager on a brief trip to Japan. This round trip was the most reasonable one the travel agent found for us, but somewhat higher than expected for a week long trip (over $1000 each).  Perhaps tickets should have been purchased earlier to save on cost.  ・"
"825" "The amenities and service provided by this airline and the flight attendants were outstanding! Even though it was a very long flight (13 hrs, 50 min), they thought of nearly everything to make it as comfortable and pleasant as possible for every passenger."
"826" "This flight was delayed leaving and arriving by over half hour. I think this had something to do with the service and catering in Brisbane airport more than the airline ??? The flight was great, a very easy 10 hours. The staff were extremely attentive and efficient. The food was・"
"827" "Seat was relatively comfortable with decent legroom. Had in-flight entertainment which I wasn't expecting for a flight under two hours. Attendants were polite and helpful. Food was average but not too bad. Nice experience."
"828" "check in at incheon airport's korean air counter was very fast. the sign board guided me effectively to boarding area. the service was respectful and kind especially for my wheel chaired family member. the meal served during the flight was small but understandable for 1 hour 20・"
"829" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"830" "First of all: great in-flight service, very spacious, clean and confortable aircfafts.  However, if your ticket is booked and payed by a third person, or even travel agency, you may be in trouble. In check-in, they will confirm if you can present the credit card that was used to・"
"831" "Since I have 4 kids, so I must travel during school holidays which is always peak season. Can't get direct flight this time so I decided to fly Korean Air.   We are a family of 8 traveling together, you can imagine how stressful it can be.  Departure from Hong Kong, the lounge・"
"832" "Had a good flight with Korean Air. Seats seem to have more space than mist airlines and you still get real cutlery and your wine in a glass. On time and one service. Staff is a bit formal though.  One important negative thing: I don't get the seat reservation system. I tried to・"
"833" "I like flying Korean Airlines when visiting Seoul -- the staff is friendly and helpful, and there isn't any special treatment given to some over others as seen in some other airlines.  One of the best thing about the flight is the food. Unlike most airline meals which may not be・"
"834" "Korean Air offers good price most of the time. Good quality of service and I very much like the food, especially Korean food! Seats were comfy, crews were super friendly and helpful.   They provide blanket, pillow, slippers, and toothbrush for long flight. Pillows a bit bouncy,・"
"835" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"836" "Korean Airlines is my favorite airlines for long-distance travel. The planes are always newer and cleaner, the staff is always professional and hard-working, and even the clientele seems better."
"837" "The Korean food was delicious. Flight attendants were friendly and soft spoken. A baby was crying, and they tried to calm the baby down."
"838" "Flew Korean Air A330 from Jeju island to Seoul.    Departure was delayed for about an hour due to air traffic congestion caused by extremely windy condition in Jeju island.   Extreme wind and wind shear warning was in effect in Jeju island for the entire morning and afternoon.  ・"
"839" "Korean Air How can this be? From boarding to seating If I ask for water because my throat is dry Allows you to choose between water and juice. Whether the movie on the seat is good Kindly and kindly guide me It's hard to use another airline.  Best of all, the new movie updates・"
"840" "Round trip to Bangkok 08/20~25 for my holiday (40,000 mileage used from Korea ICN to BKK)  Be advised, if you take KAL from ICN, you have to be at \"Terminal 2\" (new terminal built at Jan 2018, very fresh & new & convenient). Make sure, check which terminal you have to go.・"
"841" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"842" "When we spotted a special on Korean Air's Prestige (Business) class flights from Brisbane to Paris return last year we decided to treat ourselves. We fly Korean Air to Europe each year and have always found their service and planes to be of high quality. The airline has an・"
"843" "Flew from Auckland to Seoul and return to visit my son in Seoul. Flights left on time. Excellent service by the airstaff. They know how to look after the passengers, they are attentive, polite and go the extra mile! I was impressed with the care and attention given to families.・"
"844" "The stewardesses act like they are angry all the time and I suspect that they do this so that a passenger won't ask for any assistance. The stewardesses sit in the back of the plane conversing with one another and only come out two times in a 13 hour flight (Atlanta to Seoul).・"
"845" "I normally fly Cathy pacific but this time I want to fly the A380 because it had a bar on the back and the front of the airplane. So for me it was of being able to say I had a drink In a bar at 44,00 feet. First of all on the flight to from Bangkok to Invheon"
"846" "Great over all experience. Used this airline on a round trip from Hawaii to Thailand via Incheon Korea and I flew business class or what Korean Air calls \"Prestige Class\". The boarding area was well defined and organized between the classes and I really appreciated that as many・"
"847" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"848" "We flew from Incheon to Tashkent. KE refused us to board the plane because we had no visa in our passport but in fact Uzbekistan organise visa on arrival for many nationalities providing you have an invitation letter which we had. We managed to fly after 30 minutes of・"
"849" "The service from the check in desk through the entire flight was exemplary. Every flight attendant was attentive,courteous and immaculate in appearance. We had many food choices as well as wine or champagne. Recent movie releases USB ports, very adequate foot room and soft・"
"850" "Just cancel one of the passenger ticket due to the one of the middle name was missing becaus when my father he book the ticket for me at that time my skypass account middle name wasn't updated yet. And he  book the ticket with a missing middle name, and called in to Korean air・"
"851" "Flight attendants here are the best. They are courteously and politely. And beyond that they are like super model."
"852" "Everyone was so nice! The flight attendants were committed to excellent service and were willing to ensure that even the smallest or most tedious requests were fulfilled. They absolutely get an A+ in my book."
"853" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"854" "We were a bit skeptical when we first booked to fly with Korean air but what an experience.  The ground staff at Sydney airport was courteous and friendly. We got to the airport earlier so there were no rush yet.  When we got an airplane the stewardess were friendly and・"
"855" "I took Korean Air last July from MNL to SEA, at first I was skeptical as my first experience with them was not so good. I was expecting an old aircraft, indifferent crews and not so good food. But when I boarded my last flight with them, I was Impressed with the huge・"
"856" "*Pitts-JFK-Korea-BKK * I spoke English to a couple of senior male flight attendants. They spoke Korean back to me. I'm an Asian American, not Korean- American. I felt like they were too arrogant to serve Asian female passengers. I tried to catch what the guy said about the food・"
"857" "Service was good, stewardess were friendly and spoke good english. Luggage allowance was one piece and 23kg maximum. Also unable to combine weight quota with other passengers."
"858" "Korean Airline - prestige class  I flew from HK via Seoul to San Francisco then from Los Angeles (A380) stop over Seoul for 7 days before going back to HK.  Review on the 2 long haul.  The seat layout was a bit strange to me as there was not much privacy compared to CX which is・"
"859" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"860" "Starting from the check-in counter, the staff were very friendly and helpful. The cabin crew were great and patient. Had some delay at Icheon airport due to the bad weather and the passengers were sitting in the aircraft for about 1 hr before taking off; the crew always kept us・"
"861" "ample seats with leg room, choose a\" 2 seat\" row. good entertainment, tasty food, helpful & friendly air crew.  best price at time of booking."
"862" "Watching the cabin and air crew prepare for the fight is an education in precision dressing and military like organization. The hostesses look as if they had all just been 3D printed before the flight and are slightly unreal they are so perfect. The flights are always on time.・"
"863" "I got a good, comfortable isle seat and inflight service such as food, drinks, amenities, entertainment and even washrooms are above average, highly recommended."
"864" "My wife and I have been  Delta frequent flyers for  many years.  There partner is Korean Air. I have flown Korean Air 2 times over the last few years and thought they were really good. The key to a good flight is to find flights with  a short lay over in Incheon Korea. The・"
"865" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"866" "Although the airplane was spotlessly clean and the service was impeccable, the seats were quite uncomfortable compared to British Air.  We were on the Boeing 777, just as with BA, but the seats lacked padding and back support for such a long haul.  Were I to fly them again, I'd・"
"867" "The flight was fine until I arrived at my final destination, Edinburgh. No Luggage. My case is still missing! This is terrible. Inexcusable in this day and age with electronic tagging. I checked in more than two hours before departure and connection time in LHR was 2.5 hours・"
"868" "Flew their B-777 from Tokyo Narita to Inchon airport.     Boarding was on time and very orderly.    The interior looked fairly new and clean.     Cabin crews were mostly upbeat and friendly.    Inflight AVOD was excellent with ample choices of movies both foreign and Korean.  ・"
"869" "It was my first time on a Korean Airlines and I must say, it was an excellent experience.  I was able to fly on their B787-900, B747-8i, and B777-300. Across all flight, the service was EXCELLENT.  Every time I boarded the flight, a lfight attendant ushered me to my seat,・"
"870" "Overall a really good experience with them. As far as business class goes, I found them lacking compared to other airlines though. Their food was a bit...out there? Very traditional Korean options. And if you don't enjoy fish, your options were extremely limited. Entertainment・"
"871" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"872" "Epic fail.  They do not allow you to choose your seats ahead of time. My wife and daughters flew a week before my son and I did. They wanted to separate my wife from the two girls under 11 and one is special needs.  They gave her a hard time to switch.   I travel with my three・"
"873" "I have been wanting and planning a trip to South Korea for what feels like a lifetime. It finally came round to my trip but I was extremely nervous about the 11 hr trip ahead of me because I absolutely hated airplanes & had never been on a long haul flight.   As soon as I・"
"874" "A pleasant flight with Korean Air, from the smooth smart check-in at arrival to departure. The crew was polite and helpful. The ground staff was also polite which helped us a lot. Our backpacks were pristine when we collected it after checking them in, which goes to reflect that・"
"875" "We actually chose this airline for the comfortable and spacious economic seats as we usually choose Emirates but the economic seats in Emirates are too small and uncomfortable.Therefore, I would recommend the Korean Air for the economy class because I didn't try their business・"
"876" "We chose Korean Air because a stopover in Seoul was included in the price on the way to London.  An extra pleasure was that on the leg to Seoul we had a plane with 2 seats on the sides and 4 in the middle.  This allowed us to both have what we like for a change.  Me on the aisle・"
"877" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"878" "Me and my wife were traveling with 5mo. old. My wife is Korean but staff being bilingual helps. Korean air staff was very accommodating from check in. Allowing check in first with baby. Flight attendants checking in regularly on our needs. Better legroom than American based ・"
"879" "Very dirty, very poor, very poor choice of drinks and food. The staff cleared the table only after my request. From hot meals only fast food soup (a la \"Doshirak\"). The furniture is old and has long needed replacement. Staff is not friendly. It's bad EVERYTHING !!"
"880" "Flight:  The flight time was 14 hours, not including time change.   I had a 1.5 hour layover in Inchon, Korea to transfer planes, but the connecting gate was really close.  I have flown to Vietnam multiple times, and this was the shortest it has taken me to arrive.    Price: ・"
"881" "I flew on Korean Air from Washington to Manila this past April.  It was the only flight available.  I had a 15 hour layover -- all Korean Air flights are like this -- and the airline did not bother to put me up in a hotel.  The layover was in Seoul and both the Washington to・"
"882" "If you are traveling from mumbai  to japan one should go via korean airways to soul as there is no direct flight to mumbai from japan and u cover one more country in same price"
"883" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"884" "My flight from Seattle to Incheon to Ulaanbaatar was a comfortable one. But the best part of Korean Air flights is that they are always on-time and always comfortable. I am taller than most but even in economy I have room for my long legs. Most importantly to me, the airline has・"
"885" "This airline is very nice, the ambience, the crew, food, cleanliness of aircraft everything is almost perfect for me."
"886" "I travel a lot for work and I am usually on a flight each week with American airlines or delta.  I tell ya what, this is my first Korean air experience and I am very pleased and wish I could fly them all around the USA to. Even in economy I had nice leg room for the 20 some・"
"887" "It was my first time with Korean Air, choose this airlines instead of Asiana simply bcs I¨m frequent flyer of One World Alliance. Had an impression that Star Alliance is always better than One World, and this flight proved I¨m right. Comparing with other national airlines like・"
"888" "My return flights from Dubai to Seoul were average. The airline was ok and the checkin was pretty smooth. On board parts of the plane were not that tidy and the food was certainly not the best. In terms of service and comfort, there is no comparison when comparing against・"
"889" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"890" "The service was excellent. The planes are nice, seems like you have a little more leg room. The food was great. Also, they have a direct flight from Incheon to Las Vegas. I will fly them everytime in the future. "
"891" "Email to Korean Air: As a first time potential customer for Korean Air after flying on many numerous major airlines such as Emirates, Delta, American Airlines, ANA & Cathay Pacific. I decided to give Korean Air a try.  Booking Reference: XXXXXX I have never been treated so・"
"892" "Flew KE122 from SYD to ICN in business in August 2018.  Skyteam Lounge at SYD wasn't too crowded.  Breakfast options were relatively limited, but not too bad.  Free Wi-Fi was available.  KE122 was A330-300, 2-2-2 configuration.  Although Seatguru says it's couple seats, it's all・"
"893" "There are a few airlines that offer excellent service with delicious meals & free individual online entertainment at the palms of your hands, and it was all included in the airfare. Flying internationally I was taken care of even in the economy section. Thank you Korean Airlines・"
"894" "We booked a flight from Houston to Bangkok. The first leg of our trip was rescheduled by the airlines and they put us on a flight that landed AFTER our connecting flight took off. They never notified us and when we finally found out and asked them to put us on a flight that・"
"895" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"896" "The food service and selection in first class on this airline is first rate.  3-4 different entree choices, each with different choices for the accompanying courses.  There were 8 seats in first class and 2 attendants on my last flight, so attentiveness was superb also.    One・"
"897" "I always have a great experience flying with Korean Air. My mother had her passport stolen on the way to the airport in Phnom Penh. They rebooked her two days later and took fantastic care, making sure she got to every gate she needed to on time. It's always a pleasure flying・"
"898" "I was a bit skeptical as had never flown on Korean air -and thought language barrier would be a difficulty -  they took good care of meals, seat allocation request and responded quickly to all queries - I forgot to pick one shopping bag from cabin while disembarking - wrote to・"
"899" "Great flights - great service - really professional service and details. Would fly with Korean Air anytime."
"900" "Aircraft clean, not too cold or warm, flat beds, good food, stay away from 9B, it's right beside the galley, I asked to be moved up to 6 to 7 , friendly cabin attendants, hot towels. Plenty of food. Good movies big flat screen.place to charge power, USB etc. Place for storage,・"
"901" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"902" "Albeit, I am an international novice flier but, when one is used to American domestic travel, one cannot helped be wowed by Korean Air.  I dreaded the 14 hour flight from NY to Seoul and was really concerned about how my kids would handle the duration, boredom and food but the・"
"903" "I enjoyed the smooth travel of the flight. The stewards were very poised and uniform. The food was pretty good, although, there were times when I wanted to soup, but that was a part of another meal option which they did not have more of. It also would have been nice to have・"
"904" "I recently flew with Korea Airlines from Australia via Seoul.  I changed flights to continue my journey to Europe.  It was my first time flying with this airline.  I found it to be a good experience with attentive cabin and ground staff plus good service. I will fly with them・"
"905" "We flew from Sydney to Seoul, Seoul to Amsterdam, London to Seoul and Seoul back to Sydney with Korean Airlines. We sat in what Korean Airlines call \"New Economy\" (which is the \"standard\" or base fare).  There were two things that stood out for me on all above mentioned flights,・"
"906" "There are only 12 seats and I chose 8D, only 3 in prestige class, plenty of leg room, seats don¨t go all the way back and even with the leg rest extended it¨s like your slipping out of the seat. It¨s not that cold, I did ask for a blanket, service was good, food very average,・"
"907" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"908" "The flight was smooth, bathrooms were very clean, staff was kind, food choices were actually really good, and they had nice personal entertainment options. Top it off, they had the least expensive prices! I will totally be flying Korean Air again!"
"909" "We flied out from San Francisco, transferred at Incheon Airport, South Korea to Hong Kong.  We stayed for 2 weeks in Hong Kong, then stopped over at Seoul for one week then flied back to San Francisco.  This way for one price you can visit two different places.  Besides, Korean・"
"910" "Having to travel from Munich via Frankfurt, Seoul to Brisbane is a ｀timely No No¨. Whilst there is a great airline sponsored overnight complimentary stay on the outbound flight in Seoul, the time spent to get to MUC is just prohibitive for both legs. You are substantially・"
"911" "I¨ve been on many transoceanic flights in recent years and think this one ranked up there with the best. Why? What about it put Korean Air so high up for me? The food was good - on the 11-hour flight they fed us 2 full meals and a snack, as well as all we wanted to drink. The・"
"912" "Korean Air gave us very good service on our flight from Toronto to Incheon International. We were in economy and were surprised by the food quality (as well as the complementary wine with our meals). The seats are comfy, a bit more roomy than some carriers we've been on, and・"
"913" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"914" "This is my first time to fly with Korean Air and I must say that it felt like home. They have the best food, comfortable seat, and very accommodating crew. For a long flight, I would recommend Korean Airways."
"915" "I've flown Korean many times from Asia to the US and this was the first bad experience I've had. First, check-in staff claimed to be unable to seat my family together, even though there were many empty seats on the SFO-ICN flight. Next, on the ICN-Vietnam leg, flight attendants・"
"916" "Korean Air is absolutely wonderful.  They are well-staffed, very nice, and incredibly efficient.  Check-in was great.  On the flight, they give you just about everything you need (a couple additional suggestions below), including headphones, a blanket (which I recommend you sit・"
"917" "This time a surprise, because I did get an upgrade to first class. The trip is 2 and half hours, which goes unnoticed due to the friendly service of the attendants. The amount of food and drink in first class was limited in choices this time."
"918" "Nice clean plane. Big seatback monitor screens and good entertainment selection. Good service. Food was better than average. Would definitely fly with them again. Seats were comfortable and reclined a good amount. "
"919" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"920" "This was returning flight from Hawaii to back home. The facilities and small lounge at the airport was just as I expected.  However, the service by flight attendant was exceptional. Since it was afternoon flight and be landed at Incheon in the late afternoon, my 22 month old・"
"921" "I am frequent flyer for Korean Air as business and leisure. For this trip to Hawaii, as I was accompanying a child, I have booked for business class.  The service of the flight attendants and accommodations were great as usual. Expecting it was business class, the service may be・"
"922" "First time to fly on this airline, legroom had more space than other airlines with same class (just plain economy). Didnt feel like kissing the entertainment screen unlike with other airlines. Flight attendants were readily attentive. Bathrooms were always kept clean.  Food・"
"923" "This was my first trip with Korean air and it was a great experience. There was ample leg room so much so that people could get past you without you getting out of your seat. The air hostesses were amazing, attentive and efficient and the food was good with the option for a・"
"924" "This was mostly my fault.  When I booked my round trip tickets I did not really read the return trip information.  Seems like I got into Korea at 0400 hrs and my flight did not leave until 1000 hrs.  Nothing was open so I could not even get a meal.  When the restaurants did・"
"925" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"926" "I flew Business Amsterdam Korea, and Korea Vladivostok I got upgraded to First Class from Korea to Vladivostok and Vladivostok Korea. Amazing Service Sky Team and Korean Air are doing an amazing job"
"927" "Amazing service, comfortable beds and the lounge was just a bonus! The food was great and the attention to detail from the staff was absolutely spot on. Would definitively fly with them again."
"928" "The service from the staff were okay (not amazing, just okay), however, the plane is so old that all the facilities and equipment feel outdated.  The toilets felt outdated, the seats were old, and the infotainment system was outdated as well.  Food was just 'eh', severely・"
"929" "I took my first trip to Seoul from Bangkok and had a great service from the staff, and the food was lovely and generous. As I was flying with another carrier who lost one of my bags, Korean Air were kind enough not to charge me excess baggage when I was returning as they could・"
"930" "Not being a worldly traveler, I really don¨t have much experience flying on global carriers or international airlines.  However, I did have the opportunity to fly with Korean Airlines (KAL) on a business trip to Seoul, South Korea earlier this year.  After flying in their・"
"931" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"932" "I flew from Seoul to New-York with Korean Air,  it wasn't bad at all! I'm pretty satisfied with the service,the flight attendants are beyond nice and very willing to help.The food was delicious! They served 2 meals during the flight,  plus wine even for economic class! I'll・"
"933" "I rang the airline today to warn them of my son¨s peanut allergy. First I spoke to call handler who point blank refused to make any provision of food on a flight that is over 15hrs. I then spoke to the manager who pointed me to a policy on their website stating they cannot・"
"934" "My young family & I have flown Korean Air a number of times now, on the same route from SYD to LDN & back again. We have always found the staff to be very accommodating towards us and we have also noticed the airline like to run a tight ship (although that isn¨t a bad thing at・"
"935" "flown Korean Air many times, always mostly impressed. stewardesses always polite, with good English. usually a good movie selection, though the last flight was a bit meh, but you can't always get what you want. food generally ok, with a decent selection and various restrictions・"
"936" "Flown Korean airlines for years and enjoy their Service and food quality especially appreciate the stewards and high service!"
"937" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"938" "We flew as a family of 4 on Korean Air from HK to LA (thereafter to Phoenix, AZ) and returned from Hawaii to HK. There was a layover at Incheon both ways which wasn¨t long. If anyone has ever traveled for 24 hours across the globe, they know what it is to be grateful for・"
"939" "Booked European Holiday flying with this airline, first time flown with them . Great service, planes had plenty leg room . Crew were top class going and coming home . Stopped off at Seoul Airport in return jorney , stop over lounge with daybeds free of charge and comfy lounge・"
"940" "First time flying Korean Air, our experience was better than anticipated. The service was efficient and friendly, the meal options were impressive - 3 meals to choose from and my husband and I both had different mesls but both were equally tasty. The leg room was surprisingly・"
"941" "Overall good job on my first leg of the flight though the spacing on time between meals should be better going 10 hours without food is not a good thing on a 15 hour flight, on the second leg of the trip which lasted 5 1/2 hours the air conditioning was deplorable and when I・"
"942" "Starting from the making a booking, always KE team is very helpful. Almost one and half year i'm dealing with KE sales team in male for book any flight directly and they are always giving response at earliest. would like to recommend about Food and drinks, Friendly staff,・"
"943" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"944" "Flew from DC to South Vietnam via Seoul.  On time, great service from gorgeous flight attendants.  Food was some of the best I have ever had on an airline. I loved the colors of the interior of the plane and attendants matched.  It was all so zen. No delays, great airport in・"
"945" "I did not mean to fly by KE. My destination is Shenyang city in China which no direct flight from Bangkok to there, only Nok Scoot fly direct but we not convenience to take flight from Donmuang Airpot and so expensive even it show low cost airline. So we try to find good・"
"946" "Personally I like flying with Korean Air. Their flight attendants are always friendly and smiling. They help you put the luggages up. They serve you beverage any time (literally any time!) at the call, unlike Delta who tells you to ＾stop calling them for water￣ (happenend many・"
"947" "Very good experience twice with Korean Air. Spacious airplane, plenty of room for your feet, entertainment system is great. Very good service and surprisingly good food! Seriously, I never expect anything from air food and this was a pleasant surprise, restaurant quality. Order・"
"948" "Firstly I chose this route and carrier for cost reasons. I am a terrible flyer and the last two trips between the Uk and New Zealand I didn¨t sleep at all so decided to fly business class. This route was far cheaper and I had the pleasant surprise of excellent service, food and・"
"949" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"950" "We always fly Korean Air around Asia. There is always plenty of leg room, the planes are always clean (for an aeroplane), the food is good and the staff are polite and attentive. Unfortunately, I was on a flight that was delayed for 7 hours. However, Korean Air made efforts to・"
"951" "We were on the A380 were the entire upper deck is BC. Very comfortable fully reclinable seats. Food and service were according to expectations. In-flight entertainment a little bit limited in terms of range and variety. A nice aspect is the little longe/Bar at the back of the・"
"952" "From the moment I boarded the plane for Seoul, I felt welcomed.  The cabin crew were so polite and very considerate.  The food was excellent - and their is a choice of traditional Korean or western-style food - and the wine selection was impressive.  I would absolutely and・"
"953" "Had a flight with this airline on the way back from Taiwan.  Checking was really good. Helpful and friendly agent. Boarding process was clear and fast. Seats were pretty comfortable and clean! Food was good for the short flight.  Flight attendants friendly and efficient.  Would・"
"954" "Last leg of 26-hour flight was made comfortable by the team on board KE137. Excellent service by  Kim Na Yeon & Jang Jeong Hee made my experience awesome. Good korean food, beverage plus great entertainment followed by a  smooth sleep made me positive when I landed in Nadi.・"
"955" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"956" "Attentive, courteous, pleasing Flight Attendants. I had the Korean choice of food and that was good."
"957" "The service was excelent and the staff attention to details was exceptional. The staff adressed you by name and was very personal. You felt at home and the ride as smooth and relaxing. You ate, had entertainment and slept seeminglessly. Got refreshed, ate again and was ready for・"
"958" "We¨ve had the opportunity to fly transpacific several times in the past using different Airlines and I have always been so impressed with Korean air. We traveled from Seattle to Bangkok via Incheon international airport. The entire experience from the flight attendants to the・"
"959" "I was very impressed with the service and the meals provided.   The ticket agent, customer service and flight attendants were always helpful.  The terminal in South Korea was beautiful with transit passenger lounges and an abundance of restaurants and shops.The only negative is・"
"960" "Have flown Korean Air 4 times. Excellent service. Flight attendants cleaned lavatories several times during a long flight.  Clean lavatory is very important on a flight.  All 4 planes are new or new-ish."
"961" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"962" "Short fight. Very efficient in terms of providing food and beverage. Excellent korean meal. Awesome duty free deals. Worth the flight. Entering is upto date including international non English movies. Enjoyed every bit of it."
"963" "Before I used to travel with SriLankan airlines my last 2 trip I travel with Korean air is totally different experience excellent in flight service and very good food and really worth it I will recommend to fly with Korean air between Colombo to Maldives "
"964" "Further evidence that Eastern airlines are far superior to their Western counterparts. On-time with excellent customer service provided at the terminals and on board. Meals were tasty and just the right quantity, seats were spacious, legroom was excellent and very comfortable,・"
"965" "We jus wanted to get home. Tired after the first leg of the journey, we barely noticed this first hop. Boarding seemed to take for ever, perhaps because we were so tired. Lots of hustle and bustle as the flight crew did everything they had to do in the short duration of this・"
"966" "We always find international airlines to provide exceptional service. Korean Airlines is no exception. In addition to the standard pillow and blanket, we found a toothbrush set, pair of disposable house slippers, headsets and a bottle of water on our seats. We found the leg・"
"967" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"968" "The flight was delayed. Then there was some confusion about the gate, with different indicator boards displaying different information. Then it was delayed a couple more times.  By the time we got on board, we were half asleep anyway. Things went well after that. We slept. They・"
"969" "I enjoyed the hospitality from the cabin crew. The seats were normal economy seats, but the friendly service made the flight enjoyable."
"970" "This is the best Airline I have been on. Cabin service was just outstanding. You could not fault  even on the smallest point. I would say I am now Korean Air unofficial brand ambassador....as I will be recommending them to all my family and friends. To all the cabin crew that・"
"971" "I simply like flying with Korean Air. The airplanes have more legrooms. And the seats are comfortable and bigger. The flight attendants are attentive and try to please everyone on the flight."
"972" "I hope that Korean Air does not change their policies. Nd I hope that this review doesn¨t fill the flights that we book. The bags from OGG were handled by Hawaiian Airlines through our final destination of BKK because it was all on one itenerary. This review is for HNL to・"
"973" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"974" "A380 business class has tons of room but very little privacy.  2-2-2 layout with straight-facing seats and no dividers makes for no real privacy.  Fortunately business class was fairly sparsely populated, but if not it would have felt quite full.  Service and food were fine,・"
"975" "The flight was quite long and exhausting but the excellent service made me forget as to how long the trip was. For the Incheon-Tel Aviv the staff were very helpful even writing the menu in a piece of paper so we could pick easily, which was impressive because sometimes it was・"
"976" "We thought the outward trip to London was fantastic but the second leg of the return flight was absolutely superb.   The service is impeccable with caring polite cabin crew for whom nothing is too much trouble.   The food is excellent with the choice of Korean or European.   The・"
"977" "We purchased R/T Business Class (BC) seats from Cebu to San Antonio, TX. I use a CPAP Machine and we purchased the BC Seats because the websites for CPAP use recommended them. On the trip to San Antonio we flew Philippine Airlines, Japan Airlines, and American Airlines.・"
"978" "Due to timing concern, we booked Korean Air fir our holidays. 2 days prior to check in, we were informed we cannot do online check in as need to verify our credit card details before we can do mobile check in. We booked n paid for our tickets since Feb n we are traveling in May.・"
"979" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"980" "We fly to either Paris or London from Sydney every year. Over the past five years we've learned a lot to make our flight more comfortable. By far the best change we've made is to fly Korean Air via Seoul. The flight leaves early in the morning Sydney time and arrives in the・"
"981" "For all the bad press in Korea (Koreans are super critical of Koreans), Korean Air's in-flight crew has a sense of professionalism that no longer appears to exist on US airlines (just a job on the commuter plane feeling). Moreover, I am willing to pay the higher flight price to・"
"982" "This is a favorite airline of ours. Highly recommended to families. They have always been great with children."
"983" "I took a total of 4 flights from Korean air during the early months of feb 2018. Sydney - Seoul - JFK and back. For some reason 3/4 Of the flights were delayed due to ＾paperwork issues￣. Something I¨ve never heard of or experienced prior to korean air. Resulting in long delays・"
"984" "I fly from South East Asia to Toronto quite often, and Korean Air had the best schedule for me.  Unfortunately I have a disability and Korean is wonderful with wheelchair service, but they completely lack any compassion when one wants to select a seat<U+2014>one is only allowed to・"
"985" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"986" "Any chance my wife and I are able to fly with Korean Air we book our flight immediately. The Korean staff from counter service to inflight service is always consistent and second to none. Food and beverage was served the entire flight across the Pacific from Korea to Dallas.・"
"987" "I used KE round trip. Both ways on all sectors of the flight, there was excellent in flight customer service. The gate crews are less inclined to be gracious as they are usually managing a larger crowd for boarding. I notice also that the lounges for premium passengers have no・"
"988" "I would like to highly recommend korean Air as the staff are friendly and kind, the service they provided is excellent.  The pilots did a good job by landing safety and the stewards and stewardess served us witha big smile and very efficient their service, thumbs up. Although・"
"989" "Flying Korean air is always a great experience for me. There is plenty of leg room, a pillow and blanket are always included and the food is great quality. I prefer to eat the Korean dishes, they have never disappointed. I wish they had a better movie selection though. Overall・"
"990" "We flew Korean last month from Auckland to Paris, what a lovely flight the plane from Auckland to Seoul was a older -plane but extremely clean and the service was very good.  From Seoul to Paris it was a new plane and WOW it was so comfortable we slept most of the way, again we・"
"991" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"992" "Good service. They only go 2 times a week on this route. We stayed the night in a hotel at the ICN airport to breakup our trip from the United States."
"993" "Korean Air wasn't the cheapest flight but they had the best connections so I booked with them. The cabin crew were friendly, the plane was super-clean, and the food was actually really good! (I asked for the bi bim bap for each meal, not whatever the western-option was). Will・"
"994" "I have chosen this airline, because of destination and the opportunity of 2 layovers  (first in Seoul and second in Busan) to my fist visit in Korea. A long flight from Sydney was good and liked the seat layout with easy access to aisle. Lounges are just regular and food was・"
"995" "Cons  1) Average seating comfort. Pretty much more cramped than usual.  2) Near to Nil drinks being offered. Have to specially ask for it and forget about second helping. 3) Bad checkin service   Positives 1) helpful onboard staff ( well most of them , not all)  Just that if you・"
"996" "I took a return trip with this airline. This airline provides a very good in-flight service. The leg room is a quite big for me, they also offers a good variation of meals. They also provide the charging in every seat, this don't happen a lot in economy class. But, the baggage・"
"997" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"998" "My first experience with the airlines. Very convenient for those of us from Cebu Philippines. Layover was at the Incheon Airport which is a world-class airport. If you like Korean food they served good meals. Service was very good and staff were friendly."
"999" "One of my first experiences in business class actually think my second long-haul business class flight and it was impeccable on my one complaint and this is actually a big complaint among Westerners is that you cannot control the temperature at your seat plane stays at one・"
"1000" "what a great airline this was our first time with them definitely not the last. Very good service through out the trip nice food . the seats have plenty of room between them. The amenities were great tooth brush toothpaste slippers pillow blanket and a over night stop over at・"
"1001" "The seats are just right, though slightly more space would be good.  Would be good if there's a leg rest especially for shorter people.  Inflight food was average except for Korean menu.  Love the bibimbap!  Staff were friendly and helpful."
"1002" "Traveled in Business class on KE 692 from Taoyuan to Incheon. As a Diamond member on Delta I was allowed into the Korean Air lounge while waiting to board. Nice facility with OK food and plenty of drink choices. The flight was good and service excellent. High recommend KAL for・"
"1003" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1004" "The cabin was very clean. Flight attendants were friendly. Unfortunately there was so little space, that you could barely move. Considering the flight was over 13 hours, more space should be available for the overall health of passengers. Meals were warm and adequate."
"1005" "It is my 2nd time flying to Seoul in Korean Air.  Majority of the passengers on the flight are Koreans and airline crew automatically speaks to you in Korean which I can't understand.  They will only speak in English when you start to answer them back in English.  Food is good・"
"1006" "After mis-scheduling my flight, I have spent no less than 8 hours trying to reason with this incompetent airline. They have messed up my new schedule 4 times and have not offered me any benefit on the account of their mistake. I have not been offered vouchers, first class, or・"
"1007" "Amazing to see the difference in Korean Air than US airlines. ICNairport was immaculate and easy to transfer. The service in the flight was great. Even down to bathrooms being cleaned periodically. I am a Delta Plattinum. Would definitely look for code share rather than Delta. "
"1008" "I have flown  first class many times and for me  Korean is the best.  It was better than other times because it wasn't as warm which was my only problem with  them.  Service is excellent,  food excellent.   Their first class full bed and mattress was better than others. I am・"
"1009" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1010" "Flight delayed due to snow storm in Seoul. We were well taken care of by providing snack and light blanket. Pleasant flight"
"1011" "One of the best airlines in the world and I have traveled for over 35 years. Even if you are seated in economy, you are treated like a guest. From the moment you check in until you get off the plane, you matter to Korean Air."
"1012" "Both Out and in flights where fine, note the out bound flights back to UK the food was a lot better, then the add on flights where fine. Strange thing was that both long haul flights left late. Staff are friendly "
"1013" "Outstanding in every respect. The staff was so-well groomed they should be a model for all other airlines."
"1014" "do not use the City Airport check in. the staff are rude arrogant abd down right condisending. arrived there a head of time as there was a blunder with my premium economy ticket. paid for it but due the a TA glitch was only able to book Y return and was told to re check on・"
"1015" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1016" "The aircraft were older 737's but the service was fine, the cabin crew were friendly and food okay. Check-in was very easy. "
"1017" "Nothing bad nor good, attendants are pretty. Foods are definitely better than lots of airlines. If I have the opportunity would like to fly with Korean Air again."
"1018" "Korean Air was the best overseas flight I have been on. The flight attendants were very friendly and helpful. The food was good for airline food and they got me from Chicago to Manila much faster then other carriers I have flown. Saved about 5 hours of flying time then other・"
"1019" "This is a review of our third and fourth flights of our recent holiday to Seoul and Osaka. It all went smoothly leaving on time from Osaka and arriving a few minutes early however we were stuck waiting on the plane for 45mins due to traffic on the ground at Seoul airport・"
"1020" "This is my second review on Korean air, the second flight of our holiday. This was a short flight and it would have got 5 stars except I could not complete an online check-in, which was a bit annoying as the hotel arranged for a guy to show me into the business centre to use a・"
"1021" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1022" "This flight was really enjoyable. The plane was not one of the newest but still plenty of space. The crew was amazing. Perfect service the whole flight."
"1023" "Seoul Inchon is an amazing airport, spacious halls, huge windows, clean, free wi-fi, astronomic DF prices (who cares) simple transit - I came with KE from Japan and would strongly recommend this route, and quick, hassle-free boarding.  Air crew friendly and efficient. Seats・"
"1024" "13 hours to Seoul from Dulles, wait 4 hours, and 4 more in the plane to Cebu.  KAL is always my best choice because the nicest people are there to make it a pleasant trip. The food is delicious and the service is whatever you need. I appreciate the hot wet towel to wash down my・"
"1025" "This is my first time on board Korean Air to Korea as I usually take Cathay but did not want a long transit this time. Both flights were overnight. The first flight there was not very pleasant. Seats were hard and not much cushioned. Food served was average for breakfast and・"
"1026" "When I was gone on board, the crew were the same as previous flight. They said hello first nicely, I was grateful. I felt the kindness. I have read magazines while flying, thankfully one of the crew gave me a thick wodge of magazines on an aeroplane, like all magazines."
"1027" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1028" "I have taken this airline for many times, and I always feel that Korean Air is good as much as other airlines. The crew are very nice to everyone, perfect services. I would recommend highly whatever people say about this airline."
"1029" "Since 2006 it was my fifth flight with Korean Air. After my first flight  I decided  to fly only with them. The way they provide they services suit me very well! All always perfect - comfort, meal (as a gluten free I never had any problems), friendly personel, the best hotels・"
"1030" "This was the latest KE business class configuration and it is staggered seating.  The lie flat beds are quite comfortable and the food service is decent.  The route is direct and I only see two could improve areas.  Entertainment offerings are quite limited and they fly with the・"
"1031" "For such a small city, Okinawa has a pretty big airport, which is shared with military, as the island is, shall we say, strategically important.  Security lines were pretty long, but for whatever reason, my flight had a fast track (even though departure was still 2+ hours away)・"
"1032" "Friendly and very efficient  Cabin Crew, New Aircraft and clean, Food Service limited with the best meals being Korean."
"1033" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1034" "We flew Sydney to NYC return.  Poor Business Class Lounge in Sydney.  The first leg from Sydney to Seoul was on a smaller plane.  There was no noticeable difference between Business Class & First Class.  For such a long trip, the entertainment was poor (about 30 decent movies・"
"1035" "Award flight via Delta Skymiles. Flight takeoff and landing was smooth, cabin crew were friendly and helpful. The economy seat was comfortable with good incline and legroom. In flight entertainment and meal were good.  3 star rating because there is no foot rest and the entire・"
"1036" "First things first, two hours before departure is plenty of time for a Korean Air flight to Chicago from Terminal 2. We were almost last in a huge line, yet KA was so efficient, we were through in a jiffy.  KA service was comfortable and smooth, very impressive."
"1037" "We booked our flight through Delta Airlines.  Delta's check-in immediately transferred us to Korean Air's website for check-in.  However, we were never able to check-in online with Korean Air no matter what flight information we entered.  Thus, we were glad that Korean Air had・"
"1038" "This is the first flight of four that we're taking, next is Seoul to Osaka and then Osaka to London via Seoul. First the flight was on time arriving a few minutes early. I have a special meal so I won't comment to much on that other than you always get a lot of fruit and salad.・"
"1039" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1040" "We cannot believe just how good the economy class cabin service was during our two legs from Auckland to Seoul and then on to Rome.  We also were fortunate enough to have the stay over in Korea provided by the airline. We were put up at the Hyatt in the most incredible room. A・"
"1041" "The staff were friendly and helpful.   Food: For lunch menu, the bibimbap served was really good - however their porridge served (for morning menu) was very bland.   I personally feel that their in-flight entertainment system lacks variety. All in all, still had a positive・"
"1042" "We always have top-notch service from Korean Air.  The Business class is quite roomy and well-appointed."
"1043" "Korean Air is known for its exceptional service from check-in to flight.  There were lots of budget flights from icn to ceb but flying in a cramped cabin just seemed to ruin my vacation in the past.   Korean Air truly delivers quality, class, and comfort."
"1044" "In my book of things, Korean Air remains on the Top-5 best air companies for their services, nevertheless in this travel I have experienced a mediocre to bad dinner, without other attractive choices. I believe it was a bad coincidence and my perception for the official carrier・"
"1045" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1046" "I was on a flight back (KE643) with my family (wife, 2 kids - 6 and 4 yo - and an infant). In particular to this flight I had made 3 requests: 1) to delay the serving of food for my second son as he had fell asleep during the time of service, 2) to delay my food serving because・"
"1047" "We flew Korean Air Dulles to Hong Kong via Seoul. Great service, on time, great facilities, airport lounge with everything and a smile on your  in air hostesses. Once in Incheon, head to the lounge for a respite from the plane. Tv, wifi, power hookups and a beer if you need it!"
"1048" "Had the pleasure of flying Korean Air to HKG with stop in Incheon ( ICN ). Everything was very good with one exception - the First Class lounge at JFK is underwhelming. This desperately needs revamping to compete with other alternative airlines. The same could be said of the・"
"1049" "Korean airlines has one of the best on time track records in the world. Excellent aircraft, attentive staff, good seating. But the food service lacks. Sorry, but not everyone favors spicy food, or kimchi for breakfast. The flight did not offer a single Western food fare. The・"
"1050" "Flight from HNL to ICN on 777 was very nice I have eaten almost every meal Korean Air offers this time I ate the oven roasted fish and I thought it might not be that good but was I surprised outstanding. Side note Korean doesn¨t offer the greatest IFE bring your own if you want・"
"1051" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1052" "We flew this airline in April from Las Vegas to Manila via Inchon, Korea with the return trip last week. I have no complaints. Even though we were in economy there was plenty of leg room. The planes are new with a good entertainment system to keep you occupied on the long・"
"1053" "This is surely one of the best airlines I love to fly in the future.   Basically, this is my second time of flying with Korean Air after taking another flight a year ago from Jakarta to Seoul in which I found it very enjoyable and comparable to Garuda Indonesia.  In term of・"
"1054" "I chose Korean Air for my flight to Osaka especially because I wanted to see whether the Seoul-Incheon where I was transitting is really one of the most beautiful airports in the world (silly reason, I know). Both Boeing 747-8I and Boeing 777-300ER had plenty of leg room in・"
"1055" "Out of all the airlines I¨ve flown Korean Air is by far the best! The flight attendants are wonderful, food is good, leg room in economy is better than some business class seats on other airlines. There is so much room!!! My father who is over 6¨ was able to fly without his・"
"1056" "This review is for the above flight and second leg to London. Both excellent. Usual economy class constraints but food good, service excellent. No sense of \"condescension\" or \"lack of interest\" in customers needs or requests. One of the few airlines where there is a very rapid・"
"1057" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1058" "Very friendly staff on this service. I was enroute to Japan and had to stay overnight in Seoul as there was no flight to Japan at the time we arrived. I was put up in a five star hotel with meal vouchers and treated very well. Transported to the airport the next day in plenty of・"
"1059" "Although there are talks of management misbehavior, the flight services are top quality and the stewardess are friendly, albeit just as learned.  One of the top better service airlines."
"1060" "Seats are not flat, hostess was totally inexperienced (she asked me if I wanted my pajamas as I left the plane), and did not know how to set up the bed.  Plane was old and not in good shape"
"1061" "The new terminal is absolutely just another reason for me to always choose Korean Air for my cross-Pacific flights. I take KE many times before given their standard of inflight service, new air crafts, professional air crews, and point collections for the SkyTeam membership. "
"1062" "Both in terms of hospitality & service, the quality is going down  Plane is good but the quality of entertainment is horrible as their is hardly any choice of movies  Even Asian choice of movies is very limited   PA system can¨t be heard   Korean Air used to be very good  Felt・"
"1063" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1064" "My partner and I had a total of 18 hours of flying with Korean Air, crazy long, but was made into a pleasant experience completely on part of the airline and its staff. Airline attendees were friendly, acomadting, and provided enough food and drink that we never had to feel・"
"1065" "In-Cabin - services and environment good and excellent. Cabin crews - Nice and well trained. Foods as well very good. The only thing I am not comfortable is because is night flight and I am person who don't like night flights. Due to the trips arranged with travel agency,・"
"1066" "I have been flying this airlines for a the past 8 years to my international destination. The past 2 years this airlines seem to be cutting back on amenities and the flight stewardess seem rushed doing their jobs more so then the last all my previous. No peanuts and juice just・"
"1067" "If anyone plan to go vegas direct is the best flight from asia. Good flight. Good vegetarian food. Good service and best part is hassle free journey to vegas.onboard staff were very helpful and smiley. Recommend for those who wants to go Vegas direct"
"1068" "Korean Air's economy seats, in my opinion, are as spacious and comfortable as Cathay Pacific and Asiana.  I had very good seats on all four flights.  I requested isle seats going to Bangkok and both were comfortable.  On return from Seoul I secured a exit row window seat.  Some・"
"1069" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1070" "Actually i went to Moscow for business trip so i choose Korean air. I think, i experienced excellent services & taked a good rest."
"1071" "Let me first start by saying this was my first flight longer than 7 hours . The level of service was amazing, everything seemed completely efficient and well excited on both our way there as well as the way home.  I was surprised to find a package of goodies such as pillow ,・"
"1072" "flight times very inconvenient (flying there we arrived at about 3 am and leaving to go back to ICN at about 2 am), in the middle of the night. booked a vegetarian meal and we had breakfast service, i got porridge with mock seafood in it! when i complaint the staff had to fish・"
"1073" "Really, and I speak from sincerity,  Korean Air is truly a great airline and provided us with fantastic service. The fact that they provide 5+ Top accomodation while our stopover to London was a HUGE bonus. The accomodation at the Grand Hyatt was nothing short of spectacular and・"
"1074" "what a great experience. Even though total flying time was over 22 hours coming and going each way there was nothing to complain about. Spacious seating, fabulous service great food and free drinks. honestly it was like flying 45 years ago. A beautiful gift bag with useful items・"
"1075" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1076" "Quick service, comfortable flight and sufficient legroom. On time departure. Flight was too short for a meal or movie, but wouldnt hesitate to fly them again"
"1077" "This was my first time flying with Korean Air, and I am amazed of the excellent service they provide. I flew on economy and it felt as I was flying in first class. I would love to fly with them soon!!"
"1078" "We always fly Korean Air because the flight crew is friendly and they are first class when it comes to caring for our three dogs: Van Gogh, Gauguin & Renoir. The dinners & snacks are pretty good, but Incheon airport is one of the best for our 5 hour layover. The lounges,・"
"1079" "This is not the first time I have flown Korean airlines and I must say it was both pleasurable and interesting. This particular trip was from Bangkok to New York with a connection in Korea. The only down side was the distance between gates, but I don¨t think the airlines has・"
"1080" "Clean, courteous and efficient.  The cabins are well maintained, flight attendants are very attentive.  The embarking process is more streamlines since I last travelled.  The only downfall remaining - not enough movies of any kind."
"1081" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1082" "Both the outbound and inbound flights were punctual and uneventful. The seats were comfortable enough. The meals were fine. We were just a bit disappointed that there was no in flight entertainment system. However, we were impressed with the flight crew. The flight attendants・"
"1083" "plenty of leg room! comfy seats , friendly and helpful  crew , food's ok . i'm glad my husband chose this airline and we really didnt mind  the almost 3 hr stop over at Incheon goin to hokkaido ..it was all worth it!"
"1084" "I love Korean air and Delta but this time they failed miserably ! Extremely difficult to determine true policy regarding pets because on line information is different from customer service information.  This resulted in at least 5 phone calls and numerous emails to clarify. Said・"
"1085" "Inflight lighting makes me easier to fall asleep compared with other airlines I flied before, although they can update their movies list more often :) "
"1086" "We were flying from Denmark via South Korea to Japan, and Korean Air changed our flight, so we had to stay a night in Seoul, which was NOT planned and very inconvenient, since we had to cancel plans in Japan. Worst part was, that Korean Air would not pay compensation for this・"
"1087" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1088" "Korean Air service was very good, as always. Cabin crew was friendly and helpful, in-flight entertainment system was good! Aircraft was in excellent condition too. Would fly again."
"1089" "I think Korean Air has great first class service. The seat was very spacious for iad to icn bound. The seats are in suites with the doors so you can have your privacy.  The foods were mostly good. The service was the best. The flights crews were very friendly. I loved flying・"
"1090" "A friendly and complete service Delicious and sufficient meal, kind stewardess, Careful and caring airlcraft service and awell Clean lavatory"
"1091" "Korean air was very good!! I like korean air service. I was during to 6-hours watched a free movie and has some meals.  This airline is some expensive price but valuable."
"1092" "Never having flown Korean Airlines before this was a most pleasant surprise. Although the flight was very short the service, food and comfort was exceptional and the staff were courteous and beautifully groomed and outfitted, matching the interior decor of the aircraft. "
"1093" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1094" "I bought tickets at the Korean Air boutique which is around the Madelaine, Paris. The staff members there were extremely nice and useful. They were trying to find the best solution for my journal (not just Paris-Seoul, but also for other destinations). Personally, I prefer to go・"
"1095" "The crew of Korean Air was amazing. They smiled and greeted passengers as they do their checks down the aisle. There were also slippers for passengers to change into for comfort."
"1096" "We travelled Korean Airlines from Mumbai to Seoul. We stayed 4 days in Seoul and then took Korean Air to Tokyo and return same way. So we did 4 sectors. Check in and boarding were without any difficulties  Seats were the usual airline seats but had lot of leg space. Vegetarian・"
"1097" "Korean Air has one of the best in-flight meals according to my experiences with Korean originated airlines. The staff are also very eager to help. Flight attendants are well trained. The only bad thing about this company is that they have a often unscheduled delays. Sometimes a・"
"1098" "I have been travelling long-haul with Korean Air for many years now and have been very happy with the service.  A couple of years back the airline, according to standard practice, upgraded me to 'Morning Calm' as a compensation for long-term fidelity towards the airline. This・"
"1099" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1100" "Excellent layout of the 777 - 200 ER  Kind service excellent seats that you can low by 180 degrees, punctual and reasonable food and drinks"
"1101" "Staff friendly, correct and ploite as always, this time we good not so much turbulence especially around Beijing area, had good \"neighbours\" during the flight that also had some time for small talk. I flew this route now over 60 times up and down from Frankfurt -- Incheon・"
"1102" "This is a 11 hours flight so comfortable seats are very important. The food was reasonable and the the service was good."
"1103" "Korean Air is really one of the best airlines we've travelled with. The seats are comfortable, even in economy, even on the long flight from Tel Aviv to Seoul (first leg of the journey to Japan). The food was excellent and so was the service. The cleanliness of the cabin and the・"
"1104" "The flight is very smooth and comfortable.Compliment to Captains and his crews.The airplane is new and clean.The food is ok but need more tastes.The bun between the meal is yummy.Need more movies to choose in long flight.The best part of my journey is Transit time.You will see・"
"1105" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1106" "Everything went Smooth during Check inn and flight, Plane was 747-8 , Good Seats and Service. Fur only Thing Co complain ja th e Entertainment which is just in english available"
"1107" "The services provided by well trained and skilled crews with polite and gentle attitude always makes me pleasant. And, as the seat is also one of recent designed seat, it is comfortable to fly long time, too."
"1108" "I had flights from Brisbane to Seoul,  Seoul to Rome, Barcelona to Seoul and Seoul back to Brisbane. All good flights: - Great customer service, lovely staff, good food (unusual in a flight with any airline) and quite comfortable. We all got toothbrush and toothpaste, blanket,・"
"1109" "Been in the news lately for negative things but one of the top 5 in the world.  The service is one of the best and the economy is bigger compared to other airlines.  The only knock on this airline is the entertainment system.  It lacks the amount of movies compared to some other・"
"1110" "Pros: Excellent cabin condition - clean and smells good, ample leg room, complete toilet amenities, food is above average (although not excellent), cabin crew are kind and warm, the new Incheon airport (Korean Air base airport) is very beautiful with a lot of comfortable seating・"
"1111" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1112" "That was my first flight through Korian airlines. I started my journey on male' International Airport. My destination was srilanka.  Honestly i am saying i have got a very good service. Stewed Service , Airport service , welcoming all the things are great. airplanes also brand・"
"1113" "Seats are comfortable with good leg room. Departed 10:35pm (arrival 5:55am). Had full hot meal service after departure, would have preferred to sleep and be offered bfast. Service is not overly friendly but sufficient. Good entertainment (watched on return flight). "
"1114" "I flew Korean Air and found it to be a pleasant experience. They catered for my dietary needs (a low lactose meal- they were healthy meals!) and found the flight to be smooth and pleasant. The entertainment was pretty good- i would have loved more tv shows but i expanded my・"
"1115" "Service and seating same as all the others. However the food on this time left a lot to be desired. It was ok but nothing more. The quality of the food has been going down for the E past few years.  Korean air has a frequent fly point system , let's see every so often the system・"
"1116" "I have recently visited my son in Seoul for his wedding on the 12th May.My youngest son and his wife and my 3 year old grandchild.  Check in at Brisbane Airport was fast seat allocation was as we requested good exsperiance.  I was fortunate to have two spare seats which enabled・"
"1117" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1118" "The attendants is very nice and deliver good service. They pay good attentions to every customers with care and smile. The inflight food is good. "
"1119" "Really nice flight, seats were confortable and the cabin crew really nice! They can work more on food!"
"1120" "We bought two tickets to flight from Houston to Singapore and since we live in Mexico we had to buy two round trips tickets from Mexico to Houston. However, the flight itinerary was changed to leave from Dallas and we lost our two round tickets (Mexico-Houston) and the airline・"
"1121" "I travel on a connecting flight. It is so smooth. The flights also depart and arrives to the destinations on time. The flight crew were all pretty and accommodating. The fooda were great. The landings are almost perfect. I almost cannot feel the touchdown to hard grounds."
"1122" "Great service, comfortable flights. Preferred the business class seats in the A330 over the A380 - seemed to be more accessible especially for the window seat. And the 'lay flat' bed was more comfortable too!  Would really appreciate access to wifi but not available."
"1123" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1124" "Smooth, professional, without excessive fuss, just as I like it. Food was great, movies selection also very nice.  I had a problem with my connecting flight to Melbourne, so I had to interact with the Korean Air transfer desk in Hong Kong airport and they handled the issue・"
"1125" "Outstanding service was provided. Although its 13hours flight, the entertainment screen was perfect to enjoy your long flight."
"1126" "Very efficient staff. Seamless check-in. In flight service commended. Very competitive pricing. Check them out."
"1127" "Chose a two connection flight on my way to Bangkok in order to stay on Delta where i could use certificates to upgrade to Business.  In the way home, I opted for Korean to go direct.  As nice as business class can be, the direct route was better as it saved so many travel hours.・"
"1128" "From the moment I stepped on the plane until I landed the service was superb.  I opted for the Korean menu and it was tasty indeed."
"1129" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1130" "It was a midnight flight to Seoul and I was quite surprised to see an almost full flight when I reached the boarding gate. The aircraft was the big Boeing type, would say looked pretty new or well maintained. The seats are very spacious and roomy with no issue of cramping my・"
"1131" "I checked in at the business area, which I think takes longer than if you just check in at the normal check in. The staff on the plane were excellent. I slept the whole way to Zurich as I booked top deck so it was very quiet. I would just state that the plane I flew on was of an・"
"1132" "Korean Air is a comparable airline to our preferred carrier when travelling to/from Brisbane to Europe, our flight consisted of two legs, each roughly ten hours.  I booked on the Korean Air website with ease, I received regular updates via email if our flight details changed at・"
"1133" "I have flown Korean Air once before and the service is consistent.  The cabin crew is what you would expect from a Korean service, quiet, respectful, prompt and gives good service.  The in-flight movies are a good selection with many being in English and a couple of classics・"
"1134" "I fly Korean Air monthly now. I have changed to their flights internationally mainly because of their service it¨s great. The seating is also awesome especially if you can get the chance to fly on one of their 747-8i. Big plus now is if your connecting through ICN Korean uses・"
"1135" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1136" "I have traveled Business Class to International destinations for the past 40 years.Since Korean Air prices were the highest I expected a better flight.  Seats were fairly comfortable. Service was fair . Food was terrible."
"1137" "Transit at Incheon International Airport, Seoul, short wait and we are on our way to Tokyo. Service was marvellous for both trips, food were excellent too, cheers to the crew."
"1138" "I must say, I was nervous booking our flights to New York from Sydney with Korean Air but holy Dooley, this airline is brilliant!!  The staff are incredible, the service is immaculate and with only an additional 3 hour flying time, it was a great way to get to New York and・"
"1139" "Personnel were great and very accommodating.  Plenty of food and snacks and catered to all our needs. Thanks to all"
"1140" "The service and the flight on board were OK. I would highly recommend the company if it weren't for bad service during check in in tokyo's airport. Meaning that  1) the machine wasn't working right and it was asking to scan our passport while it was failing to do so.  2) the・"
"1141" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1142" "Legroom was good and comfortable. Inflight entertainment was nice. Good food and helpful crew. Aircraft was new too."
"1143" "Been taking this airline for years. The stewardess are super nice and helpful. I took this airline for my recent trip to Korea and it will always be my choice when flying to Korea. I will have to say that the food coming back was not that great."
"1144" "I flew Korean Air many years ago because it was a direct flight from Sydney to Seoul,  and then again because it was a cheap flight into Europe or the Americas.  This was because it required an overnight stop in Seoul, so the price was used to attract patrons. I have continued・"
"1145" "It was our first time taking Korean Air as we are heading to Korea. Overall the flight was a good one as the pilot was very experience the landing all was very done. Actually i had fear for taking plane but i feel that i can no longer have the fear thanks to the pilot. But one・"
"1146" "Korean Air is an excellent airline. The service is efficient, smooth and not intrusive. The food is tasty and served at the right temperature. The quantity is satisfying but feels light. Seats are very comfortable. Movie selections range from average to good. Cabin temperature・"
"1147" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1148" "I took Korean Air couple of times. I enjoyed the meal. The politeness of the stewardess which were very accommodating in helping the travelers"
"1149" "Paid 1,000 pounds round trip for a flight to the Philippines. Out of the 4 flights, 3 were delayed, and the entire entertainment system wasn't working on my way from London to Seoul (12 hours)... BUT Korean air is such a great airline that they offered me a 50 pounds voucher to・"
"1150" "This flight leaves chiang Mai at midnight.  I find it convenient as I can sleep.  The food is excellent and tasty.  I usually have a 10+ hour layover but the new terminal at Incheon is excellent  for layovers."
"1151" "Service was excellent, flight was comfortable for economy class, and food was pretty good for airline food. I would definitely fly with Korean air again."
"1152" "Business class and its lounge are the worst of all time, while other airline companies are really trying to make them better at every chance. KE's stays exactly the same as when they are first introduced, like ten years ago? Even new lounges at ICN T2 still have much to improve.・"
"1153" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1154" "First time flying with Korean Air was pretty awesome. All of the flights (3 flights total this trip) were on time, everyone friendly and the food was pretty good. It was worth the money spent to have a piece of mind that they wouldn't sell more tickets than seats."
"1155" "We went to this lounge using our Priority Pass on 11 May 2018 at about 8.30pm. Lounge was not crowded but the food sucks! Out of 10 trays, half was empty. Very limited selection of food, even the cup noodles contained beef powders. We do not take beef, therefore almost nothing・"
"1156" "Usually Economy is the worst to take ans especially on a long haul flight. Korean Air makes it as nice as possible. The crew was attentive, seats were comfortable blankets extra nice and food was good"
"1157" "My husband and I flew Korean Air for the first time at the end of April for a long weekend to Seoul. I mainly chose Korean Air because it was so much cheaper than Singapore Airlines, which is my preferred airline. First things first, the new Terminal 4 in Singapore is very cool,・"
"1158" "Even up the back of the plane Korean Air is way ahead. The seats are a little further apart from the one in front than most airlines. The bathrooms are cleaned regularly during the flight. Food is also better than most other airlines."
"1159" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1160" "Maybe I was too tired but I felt a bit cramped during the flight. There wasn't enough leg space and the seats were not comfortable. The food was okayish too. The only great thing about the flight were the air stewards who were very nice and the ice cream they served onflight-・"
"1161" "Returned from JFK to HKG recently, experiencing an expected good flight with Korean Airline.   Check-in at JFK was timely and painless. First-leg flight departed and arrived at Incheon International in Seoul on time. Seating was spacious, comfortable with plenty of leg space for・"
"1162" "This airline really excels in the service sector, with extremely well disciplined flight attendants and great food. The crew were always well-intentioned, from all the 4 flights I took.  The seat itself isn¨t industry leading, with 2-2-2 configuration in the A380 and 2-3-2 in・"
"1163" "I admire JAL in flight service, as generally they have one of the best customer service.  On this KAL flight, FA was super, as good if not better than any of the flights I've taken.  FA gave the customers the feeling that she really was trying to make our flights comfortable and・"
"1164" "This was an A380 business class flight.   The seat was 6/10 compared to other airlines in similar class. The seat didn¨t really go fully flat - I would say 95% flat  Although I had a aisle seat the window seat  passenger still had to step over me to get out. It¨s ok but I prefer・"
"1165" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1166" "We were able to change our flight times for no fee.  This was a paid domestic booking.     Very easy.    Everything went perfectly on our short flight although legroom was a little less than I am used to."
"1167" "This was the longest flight I have been in and it did not feel like it at all. The planes have a lot of leg room and seats are comfortable, they also have a good size touchscreen for entertainment. The staff its really great as they constantly check on you while on flight. The・"
"1168" "This is my first time and was impressed by the service and the cabin comfort. Seats have usb power as well as laptop power. There is enough movies to watch. Their non veg Hindu meal is delicious."
"1169" "Korean Air has excellent service in business class. In SF, I was able to use the British Airlines first class lounge. The seat on Korean Air was huge with lots of room. The service was excellent with several meals and movies on demand. I would recommend."
"1170" "Quite flight all night, Dinner was served about 2 hrs in, lights turned down and sleep time, did not check but maybe 6 hrs or so, Breakfast was served both meals were good. Disposal slippers were given, warm towel after Breakfast, You can purchase alcohol to take with you,・"
"1171" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1172" "Children¨s meal is fantastic! Service is very good. Food is good! Provide kids¨ ear piece, plane is clean."
"1173" "I have flown with Korean Air about 8 times. The flight is always on time, never has delays or malfunctions and never has lay-overs that are too short or too long. Bottom line is, Korean Air is extremely efficient and there is never any disappointments, upsets or surprises, as I・"
"1174" "We recently used Korean Airline for a flight from Hong Kong to NYC. Beyond a minor inconvenience experienced at check-in our flight was very good, as they have been with this particular airline in the past.   Flights were made directly online at the Korean Airline website around・"
"1175" "Crew were very professional and friendly and the food was good.In flight entertainment was good.Only thing  we're the seats were cramped but all planes are the same."
"1176" "Going to Seoul was a non stop direct flight.  I find Korean Air to have comfortable seats with enough leg room.  Also attentive staff and decent airline food."
"1177" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1178" "I take this flight to Tashkent as this is the only airline from Asia that have regular flight (four times a week) to Tashkent. The flight was comfortable, very nice meal and choice of drinks. The crews are courteous with Korean hospitality. The seats are nice although not the・"
"1179" "We didn't have the best start for were loaded without incident in Chicago and then we sat on the tarmac for three hours while they fixed \"something\".  Makes me nervous when we had such a long flight ahead of us but certainly wanted a safe plane.  We did miss our flight in Seoul・"
"1180" "I have been flying with this airline for some time now. I used to fly with different airlines going to the US and I found that this airline suits me well.       I like the ambience of the airline, the food and even if I may have either a short or long layover at Incheon Airport・"
"1181" "I have no clue if this is a fair review as we are American and are used to the ＾service￣ on American carriers. For economy I was amazed at how much room we had, and how good the food was! That and the service on the flights were amazing. I will absolutely do my best to keep・"
"1182" "Unlike North American/European airlines (B777 3-4-3 seating), Korean Air used a 3-3-3 configuration for its economy seating. It results in wider seats and of course, there was much more legroom. Also, the Korean breakfast service was very good, a continental style, on a tray -・"
"1183" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1184" "one of the best customer services in flight.... And this was economy.  The food, check in, seats, entertainment was all great, even on a 14 hour flight to Korea from Chicago."
"1185" "Well Done Korean Air! Bigger leg room than SQ... Also better food selection, you have 3 choices to choose from which also included beef bibimbap! The kids meal was also great, with very cute presentation..using pororo box!"
"1186" "Good legroom to be economy and service somewhat better than normal economy. The flight was just halffull, and that of course improves the comfort."
"1187" "Had an opportunity to visit Japan via  several airlines. We picked Korean Air because of the ticket price. Round trip from Honolulu to Narita the fare cost $533, less than a flight from Honolulu to Las Vegas. When we were delayed out of Honolulu I had bad feelings about the・"
"1188" "The whole team was very professional and friendly. the aircraft was very clean through the whole flight, food was very good quality, great choice of movies. The flight was very long but still, we enjoyed it even it was some delays. One of the best airlines we have been!"
"1189" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1190" "We had a 13 hour flight from the US to Korea. They provided free wine & beer,  slippers, toothpaste/toothbrush, a water bottle, a blanket & pillow, complimentary headphones, and good meals (my favorite -  Bibimbap). They have great entertainment options (aka new movies) and a・"
"1191" "If you have an A380 you have plenty of space to put lie-flat seats (180 degree) instead of angle flat (160 degree) seats in your business class. "
"1192" "Good experience done during my last fligth from Rome to Seoul to Shanghai. I have tasted a very good food and service on business class of B747. The entertainment is enough but I found two movies only in Italian.  "
"1193" "After Sampling most of the airlines that fly to Asia, I have to say, Korean Air is at the top of the list for service, cleanliness and Food.  I always look for them, unfortunately, you get what you pay for, and many other people must have noticed their exemplary service and are・"
"1194" "Flew to South Korea by Korean Air Lines. First time with this air line and one of the best we have taken in a while. Friendly and helpful staff on board as well as at the airport. Comfortable seats with plenty of leg room.  They did offer second serving of wines, which other・"
"1195" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1196" "I usually fly with Singapore Airlines because the times suit perfectly, however my booking agent double booked my return flight even though both flights were business class.  He managed to find a first class seat with Korean Air and I was very satisfied.. Most impressed with・"
"1197" "Great economy flight! The Korean food was really good and the seats had plenty of room for comfort. There were enough restrooms that lines were rare. Movie selection was decent. Service was also very good. The only problem I had was with the seat selection process--you can't・"
"1198" "I am very picky about my flying. I usually fly Cathay Pacific. I needed this particular flight so I gave it a shot. Was the most pleasant flight.  Unlike most airlines with Korean they actually are happy to help you. Will certainly fly again with them."
"1199" "It was a good airline, the service was ok, not as good as the one in ANA but enough. The flight was on time and the plane had peronal entertaiment in the seats."
"1200" "Well, I'd really like to review this airline and all the dozens of places we are likely to visit from Incheon airport to places all around Bogor and Jakarta but if you are going to continue to dabble in politics I am afraid that I cannot be one or your contributors. Please・"
"1201" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1202" "When flying from Australia to Europe being able to have an overnight stay in a 5 star hotel overnight near the airport makes a huge difference for us older couples. Korean Air planes are well set up with just an inch or two more legroom than most other airlines.  The food is・"
"1203" "We've been flying Korean Air economy class on US-SE Asia routes for many years. The planes are new, staff is almost always efficient and very friendly, and check-in is generally efficient. Economy seats are about as big as they get and flying Korean Air is a true value buying・"
"1204" "I took the red-eye flight that take off at 1.10am (Singapore Time) and it touched down at Incheon International Airport at 8.20am (Korean Time). It is a direct six and half hour flight. Thus I get to have a good night sleep even though I am taking the economic class seat. The・"
"1205" "With a Seoul stopover (Incheon is a great airport) this was a long trip, but Korean Air made it entirely comfortable, with sufficient, if not extensive, food and drink. The seats were perfectly comfortable, the entertainment systems fine. Long haul economy is never going to be a・"
"1206" "I use my mom's crecit card to buy my flight ticket. But, When I was check in at the check in counter in Incheon, They required me to show my mom's credit card, if not I need to buy a new ticket again (and get refund for old ticket). Anyways, I found that this is so stupid and it・"
"1207" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1208" "Excellent flight on Korean Airlines from Jeju to Gimpo. The product is excellent with plenty of legroom in the economy cabin. Lots of kids and families on these trips so don't be surprised to have a kid kicking the back of your seat. I had it happen on both legs of the flight to・"
"1209" "The second leg of our trip to India. Incheon Airport is not a bad place to wait for a connecting place, but we were eager to get to our destination and glad that we had less than 90 minutes there. Smooth boarding process.  This was a long flight, in the daytime, too, so we・"
"1210" "This was the first hop on our journey to India. No probles at check-in, but a lot of confusion about the gate number once we got airside. We walked the length of the airport three times before we were sure we were in the right place.   Swift, well-organised boarding, bt the・"
"1211" "This is my second time to fly Korean. They have a good service and planes are quite new. Few issues that can improve. I asked chicken but received beef. On the way I was able to eat chicken but they forgot to serve drinks. Inside temperature was a bit cold. They can improve the・"
"1212" "Very reliable flight. Foods and beverage were excellent as always. Inflight entertainment was updated and diverse. Korean special foods, Bibimbap is one of my favorite."
"1213" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1214" "The flight attendants were all kind and caring. The food service was very good. There was enough leg room, but I found the seats a bit narrow, and I am not a big person. Saying that, I would travel with Korean  again if the option arose."
"1215" "In the past two weeks we have flown return from Auckland to South Korea with Korean Airlines. We have been very impressed with the level of service we received and the willingness to speak in English to us. The food, seat comfort and toilets were all above the standard we had・"
"1216" "One of the best economy class experiences. Adequate legroom plus not squeezed tight sideways as seats were 3x3x3 on the Boeing 777. Friendly and helpful service. My only complaint is that even though they announced that they were boarding rows 47 and above first no action was・"
"1217" "I've flown Korean Air a lot when traveling to Asia - their service is CONSISTENTLY EXCELLENT every time I fly with them. Very comfortable all through out. Language barrier could sometime gets in the way, but overall, their flight crews are some of the best in the industry. All・"
"1218" "Korean airline is very good. We fly economy and service and food is very good. It was a bit tough coming home as we were tired from our vacation in Vietnam. Maybe next time we fly business class. Over all there was no delay our flight was on time."
"1219" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1220" "If you plan to travel with this airlines, you should accept some rude and uncomfortable conditions. During meal service somehing is always finished or out of stock. Additionally cabin crew is so rude when you call and want something. Also their behaviour is not same to Koreans. ・"
"1221" "Korean Air has a monopoly on direct flights from Dulles International Airport to Incheon International Airport.  The flight time is about 13 hours each way.  If you fly business class, the seats are fairly comfortable as they incline flat and level (used to be pitched foward). ・"
"1222" "Well that day was the longest day of my life I actually suppose to flight from Orlando to Amsterdam and then from there to Jakarta my final destination by Air France but delta changed it cause offered me early flight and I took it but the stories actually start from there delta・"
"1223" "Got a round trip ticket. Everything was very good - courteous and helpful flight attendants, food, seats, clean restrooms, airport in Incheon for transfers and amenities. I wish they can improve in the boarding. It wasn't consistent. In Manila and JFK we were properly lined up・"
"1224" "Excellent service and baggage transfer. Genuinely delicious meals provided for long haul and a choice too! Usually British, Korean and the food of the destination.   Really kind staff, even help with customs forms of you have no idea what you're doing! Highly recommended. "
"1225" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1226" "Compared to most airlines Korean Air is better on legroom in economy class compared to US airlines. Narrow seats but ample belt size for large girth. Food is average. Service is good and professional."
"1227" "As usual, international flights are 1 million times better than USA domestic flights!  Good food and entertainment and the bathrooms stayed clean.  One criticism, add WIFI!"
"1228" "After our last trip from Los Angeles to Bangkok in coach, we decided that if we went again we had to upgrade to something more comfortable. After some research I decided on Korean Air Prestige class and a schedule that utilized the Airbus 380-800 for the long haul between LAX・"
"1229" "I don¨t recommend this airline to anyone!! I was profiled at the airport by their young TSA agent for being a white male with tattoos. This was after going through their immigration check points and having to dump out my back pack contents .She even asked why I wear my luggage・"
"1230" "We flew to Istanbul with a night stop over in Seoul. The hotel was 5 star and dinner and breakfast was included as well as the hotel in our return tickets. We have flown before with Korean Air and have found them to be exemplary."
"1231" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1232" "This was a red eye but without any travel negatives. Whether you approve or not a number of Asia airlines still staff their flights with young attractive ladies. Not sure if that is on purpose or due to employee availability but it is a plus for the male eyes. This flight was no・"
"1233" "I like travelling on Korean from when you check you feel welcome, the lounges are all you need, the new lounge at Incheon is the best of all the airlines I have used over the years. The flight crew staff are very helpful and you can tell they enjoy what they are doing, they will・"
"1234" "I've flown in and out of Seoul several times, always choose Korean Airlines if available at a good price, I do shop the travel discount websites for the cheapest fares. Sometimes Korean Airlines has the best price or if only slightly higher I'll fly with them because of value,・"
"1235" "The service and flight staffs were good, but one disappointment was they asked for your dinner choice and ended up not having enough supplies, so I had to give up my favourite choice and select others.  I think this is not acceptable for business class passengers. Although they・"
"1236" "This is a second time i used this airline flying into and out of Seoul. Chose this airline coz its legroom is slight longer than most airlines. Their crafts are new ones and maintain clean cabins. It would be better if this airline to be less restrictive on baggage load (now・"
"1237" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1238" "This is one of the best airlines to fly economy class. Spacious seats ( for economy), really polite and attentive service (plus elegant crew uniforms), and actually pretty good food. Again, for economy. Spotless clean bathrooms throughout the International flight, good selection・"
"1239" "Staff was wonderful. We had a six and half hour flight. We were given blanket, pillow, slippers, toothbrush/paste. Headphones were given out as well. I liked the food options. They had American and Asian choices. I always picked the Asian options. The planes we had had USB ports・"
"1240" "Korean Air use 747 model to fly between hkg and ICN.  The seat, washroom, and tray in front of the seat were clean, enough blankets for customers.  Thoughtful water and juice supply during the flight.  Food was not bad, when return from ICN at night, ice cream was also provided."
"1241" "Have flown this flight once a year since 2012 and has always been as comfortable as could be expected for flights of this duration. There is always a few hour layover in Seoul coming and going but is fairly enjoyable after being in the aircraft for that period of time."
"1242" "One of the most comfortable experience that i have recently. Great service with no doubt. Food was above average.  Not a big fun of Korean food. Great port for me. caring flight assistance and nice remodeled suite 2.0 Will definitely travel with them again"
"1243" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1244" "We choose to fly Korean Air as they have always given us good service. The planes have always been very clean, the food is OK, the attendants are polite and very pleasant. We have a complimentary stopover in Seoul which is always appreciated. We highly recommend Korean Air."
"1245" "I have travelled this route approx 8 times over a 16 year period. I have travelled Business Class for the last 3 flights.Prior to those trips I always travelled Economy. I found the airline staff to be efficient and courteous. The airport at Incheon is a wonderful experience. It・"
"1246" "Sorry for the late review.  My family and I flew on Korean Air over the Christmas holidays.  We flew from LAX to BKK on an A-380 through Seoul.  The A-380 is the quietest plane I have ever been on and the service and food was top notch.  Business class seats lie flat and get an・"
"1247" "The staff were amazing. Always busy serving/helping travelers with a smile. You just get on the plane and they are serving food. There was three food options to choose from and the food tasted great. It is a long flight but they provide headphones to watch plenty of movies.・"
"1248" "We were on a Boeing 787, what an absolute delight.  Staff were wonderful.  The quietness of the plane made sleeping much easier."
"1249" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1250" "It was our first time to fly with Korean Air. Like other asian airlines, their service was great and food was nice. We picked our seat near the back of the aircraft to get more space. We had a short transit from Icheon to Nagoya, and they assisted us by moivng us to more toward・"
"1251" "Korean air provide good services.  Planes was relatively new and clean. Food was good.  and entertainment had reasonable selection of movies. I don't have much to complain. The ticket is relatively expensive and doesn't have much sale due to lack of competition in this route."
"1252" "It feels just like you're at the mall among more or less 300 hundreds others people. Made all decided to crowed themselves and sat together in a cramped, however nicely laid longitude closed space and resigned their fate into no less than 12-hours of collective voyage.・"
"1253" "This is my first time with KE on F, especially wanting to try their B747-800. It was a long flight (about 22 hrs, inc. transit at ICN) so I had 2 segment experience also with a B773ER.  The first thing that strikes you about KE is communication skills of crew were 'wanting' - I・"
"1254" "Good Meal , Smooth Flight , Nice service.I will recommend to Travel with Korean Airline , Nice new plan , really good meal , Travel for 15 hours , they serve all the time ."
"1255" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1256" "Flew from Las Vegas to Seoul and then to Sydney. The seats were very comfortable and the flight crew was wonderful. The courtesy and willingness to serve you was exceptional and the politeness of each crew member was something that neither me or my travel partner have ever・"
"1257" "I travel every year to visit my family in Thailand and always use this airline.  They are always attentive and make sure I am comfortable.  Good food too!"
"1258" "Highly recommend Korean Air for international travel.  Modern plane with ample leg room despite economy ticket.  Flight included professional service and nicely prepared meals.  Had access to lounge during four hour layover in Seoul South Korea that provided sleeping・"
"1259" "Korean Air provides wonderful customer service.  Flight attendants are pleasant and courteous.  Seats are very comfortable, and my 6 foot 1 husband has plenty of leg room. Meals were delicious and nicely timed.  They do their best to allow time to rest/sleep for this 14 hour・"
"1260" "The tension generated by the North Korea made me worried for long prior to the reserved flight home in February.  All crews were professional, with timely response to the requests.  I wish they would have a leg from ICN to TPE for my connection so that I could fly on it more, as・"
"1261" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1262" "I flew from San Francisco to Manila and back on Korean airlines.  The experience was was great.  The flight crew was friendly, food was good and the seats we comfortable."
"1263" "After 9 years in the United States at last I was able to visit the country where I was born, the Philippines. Long hours of flight is normally hard on your body and can drain you of your strength this is based on my previous experiences with other airlines, but I was surprised・"
"1264" "Good flight, on time treated us well. Nothing special or extra. treated us as one should  expect. Will use this airline for future travel."
"1265" "Nothing bad to report. The attendants were very service oriented, entertainment system very good and the food quite nice. A great flight !"
"1266" "Flight was full, which made it difficult to get up and move around.   Several meals were served on this 14+ hour flight.    I couldn't eat most of what they served as it looked and tasted bad to be.  Flight attendants were very watchful of everyone, which made it feel like you・"
"1267" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1268" "As good or better than an airline I have flown internationally.  Flight attendants are well staffed so service is excellent.  Food is frequent and is o.k.   Ear phones, slippers, and blankets provided in every seat.  "
"1269" "Flying Korean Air was like air travel used to be: little comforts, good service, some entertainment and you arrive ready to go.  The slippers and toothbrush, some of the better airline food and towels to clean between meals was all nice. Seats were fine and the airplane was a・"
"1270" "Very comfortable flight from Honolulu to Seoul, the food not so great. Seoul for a layover is the best airport for things to do or relaxing. If you are a transit tourist with a layover in Seoul you can enjoy many free tours of Seoul put out by the Visitors Center. I have gone・"
"1271" "All went well. Korean Air food is ok and seats have good legroom. One issue was having a layover of less than 1 hour in Seoul/Incheon airport. Distance between terminals / gates was probably 1/2 mile and (for reasons I will never understand) we had to go through another shoes・"
"1272" "A long flight but great service and food made it all bearable.  Saw movies, slept and ate and read a book and all of a sudden we arrived.  The bathrooms were kept clean which is a miracle on these long flights.  I really appreciated the great work of all the flight attendants."
"1273" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1274" "Service a1, flight schedule always great one stop 22hrs  , coming back like having long layover, spend the day in Seoul"
"1275" "Korean Airlines is clean, staff professional and friendly and flights on time.  I was just disappointed about the fact that I wasn't able to change the date of my flight without a tremendous amount of cost."
"1276" "Comfortable seating and decent food service. Movies were good and boarding was efficient. Plane was on time and no problems were encountered."
"1277" "Was not disappointed with the quality of service during the flight. The crew  were extremely hard working and it showed in a better than average economy experience. I was disappointed that even though we showed up early to get an exit seat- I was told that people over 70 were・"
"1278" "A quick trip to Korea to see the Citrus fruit we grow, pack and ship to Korea was made in March.  Korean Airlines was chosen for no reason other then we have used before.  Check in at the airport going and coming was smooth, with not rush ( I believe in the rule of being early,・"
"1279" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1280" "Korean Air is my ＾ go to￣ for air travel to SE Asia. Every person or touch point is pleasant and professional. They are extremely organized which makes the whole experience good. It¨s a very long flight (20 hours) so to have smooth transitions and outstanding inflight service is・"
"1281" "OK flight.  My first time flying with Korean Air.  We were on a red-eye flight from Phnom Penh to South Korea.  The one thing I didn't like was that all of a sudden, they turned on all the lights to wake us up for breakfast...and I totally understand that this might be a・"
"1282" "If headed to Asia I would not hesitate to use Korea Air. Outstanding staff, attentive service, comfortable seats even in economy class, excellent food."
"1283" "Great experience travelling with Korean Air! I was with my mom and sister who both needed assistance and I can tell you, the staff go above and beyond. The staff were all waiting at the entrance to the plane to assist and welcome us on board. Not only did they guide and held my・"
"1284" "Outstanding service, Beverage service far better than any other line .staffs are extremely polite. one to one service, really enjoyable   ."
"1285" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1286" "The american airline companies need to fly on Korean Air to learn what customer service is. The staff is friendly and helpful. We had excellent service the entire trip."
"1287" "Flew from Dulles to Manila. 1st part of trip from Dulles to Korea was about 14 1/2 hours. It was so hot on there we were miserable. We asked to have some air, but as usual the Korean flight attendants understood very little English. The food was horrible. They only served 2・"
"1288" "This was the Best flight ever! My guy Raymond at Alpha Flight Guru booked this flight for me. The flight retailed for $22,000 and Raymond got it for me at $5800. Korean Air has True First class service."
"1289" "The service and food on Korean Air was by far the best I've experienced. With lay flat seats, very good entertainment units and a great drink menu (including ice wine) you can't go wrong. With Korean and Western options on the food menu there was something for everyone."
"1290" "It was ok there are just minor problems! But overall it was good. I would fly Korea air again just because fewer options to Seoul."
"1291" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1292" "The flight was on time and the staff are great, the plane is spacious and modern, the food is good. Overall the experience was great and I would definitely recommend them "
"1293" "Flew Airbus A330 from Seoul Kimpo airport to Jeju.   Our flight was slightly delayed due to late incoming aircraft.     It was only about 20 min delay so not a big deal at all.     Guess this A330 is only used for short haul sector as I noticed the seat pitch was rather tight・"
"1294" "I specifically enjoyed the food and drinks provided during my flight at Korean Air.  I also love that it has a wider legroom and the in-flight entertainment has a wide selection of movies, music, games and even news.  And best of all, check in, boarding, departure and arrival is・"
"1295" "I had a flight from Bangkok to New York with a layover in Seoul. Both portions of the trip were pleasant, with large comfortable seats, a good selection of entertainment, and good food. Staff were friendly and pleasant. I booked the flight through Delta though, and was unable to・"
"1296" "It amazed me that with only about one hour for the connecting flights at Incheon that my baggage actually made the connection. Well done KE. The on board service was good with very attentive staff. The Business seat configuration on the new 787 flight ICH-YVR was had more・"
"1297" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1298" "It was the first time that I was taking Korean Airlines, and I have to say the uniform of the stewardesses were a pretty sight. Once seated, I noticed that the seats in economy were slightly larger than what I am usually used to but it¨s all good. The legroom was quite ample・"
"1299" "Under ＾General Conditions of Carriage for International Passenger and Baggageo￣ article 10 - Baggage on Koreanair website, each passenger is allowed to check in 2 luggage. But the staff insisted us to pay extra USD100 for 1 extra luggage. "
"1300" "The service was excellent, the food good with a choice of Korean or European food, they even got my steak medium rare. The seats fold down to flat so despite being a bit hard it was possible to sleep.  The overnight stop in Seoul on the return was in an excellent hotel again・"
"1301" "There is a very nice business class, private and quiet check-in for Korean air in Seoul , which we managed to access with our Delta card. The check-in staff at the business desks in both Bangkok and Seoul were excellent.  The return flight was delayed 2 hours due to the late・"
"1302" "Korean Air is one of the top airlines in my opinion. The crew is amazing and the food they serve is so much better than anything served on any of the US airlines."
"1303" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1304" "I really enjoyed my flight.  The crew was friendly and accommodating  without seeming fake about it.  The food was good and in a sufficient quantity.  My biggest highlight is the leg room.  I am only 64 inches tall and I have been on other flight where my knees touch the seat in・"
"1305" "We flew from Vancouver to Incheon then to Manila.  We missed our connection in Incheon due to delay caused by snow, and Korean Air was very quick to arrange a hotel with meals and airport transfer at no charge.  They clearly had a plan before we landed and it was very easy to・"
"1306" "I flew Korean Air in April 2018. I expected better and the FA's were fine, they didn't speak English very well in business class, or Tagalog at all. Seemed to be an only Korean staff. The plane was in poor condition, which is standard for flying in and out of the Philippines.・"
"1307" "Comfortable seats. Generally everything was clean and satisfactory. Flight attendants were courteous and provided good service."
"1308" "I used points to book a RT flight in Prestige (business) class from San Francisco to Vietnam. The private cubicles were comfortable, the food was great & the service excellent. I had twisted my ankle the day prior to this trip & the flight attendant brought me an ice pack & kept・"
"1309" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1310" "Great service, and seating arrangements that give you a lot of privacy make the business class on Korean a cut above the competition, any time again."
"1311" "First time flying on Korean Air. Very pleasant to find that the pitch for economy class is great. Comfort level for business and first class is probably not comparable to Singapore or middle eastern airlines, but the economy class is one of the better ones I have been on. ・"
"1312" "Korean air was good.   Seats were reasonable depth ( for economy).   Service was good. and very attentive.    These were LONG flights and we were taken care of as much as I could of expected.    At times even TOO much food.      I have flown many airlines, and I would say Korean・"
"1313" "The last leg of a trip to Japan booked with Air France completed with their partner company. It was only a 90 minute / 2 hour flight but the Business class 'cocoon' was extremely comfortable.  The area of my personal space (with a sliding door) extended over 4 portholes and the・"
"1314" "It was my first time flying Korean Air and all their crew are very nice and polite and helpful on the plane. The food is pretty decent for economy class plane food and there are snacks that you can request for free such as ramyeon which is nice for long haul flights."
"1315" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1316" "We booked Korean Air for its schedule and price having never flown it before. Check-in was handled well (orderly and quickly) without undue time on the plane. The airplane, a new B787, was quiet and comfortable and our economy seat had sufficient legroom. We usually have to buy・"
"1317" "We loaded on time and then sat on the plane without moving for three hours while they \"fixed\" something.  That always makes me nervous starting a 14 hour flight.  But, we finally took off three hours late and had no further issues.  We arrived in Seoul only two hours late but we・"
"1318" "Korean Airlines is a great airline to fly.  My wife is Korean and we get to travel back to Korea a lot to visit with family members.  Our flight was a non-stop flight taking about 14 and one half hours.  Lots of time in the air.  This airline is very efficient in every way. ・"
"1319" "Korean Air has excellent service in Business class.  I had one stop in Seoul.  The meals were excellent.  The seats were very comfortable.  I could sleep easily.  One of the best business class flight I have ever had."
"1320" "The flight was fantastic. Service fantastic. I don¨t think anyone could work harder than the stewardess¨s on this flight. Everything was spotless. Not one complaint from a passenger. Great job Korean Air. Hopefully someone from Air Canada sees how to do it . Thankyou Korean Air.・"
"1321" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1322" "I flew back to Jakarta from Sapporo with my family after holidays ended. There was no direct flight from Sapporo to Jakarta so I chose Korean Air transit and change flight at Seoul. The flight was nice, service was OK and the food was also good.  Three hours transit at Seoul・"
"1323" "Red eye flight arrival 530am. No directions and help to the transfer desk like TG or SQ. Finally we made it through the security and find that the lounge only opens at 6am and in airport directory mentioned 630am. What the heck do you charge Premium class service but you are not・"
"1324" "transpacific flight in economy, but I have enough legroom. I'm rarely able to sleep in plane, but with korean air I was able to most of the flight. Never went hungry. Ate with real cutlery, had my wine in a real glass (free of charge with meals). We don't see much of these・"
"1325" "This was my first flight in excess of 8 hours. In every way that Korean Air could make it as pleasant as possible when hundreds of people are stuck in an airplane, they did just that. Everyone in coach was provided a blanket and water and small toiletries kit. I appreciated・"
"1326" "First time flying on Korean Air, the service is top notch. The flight crew ran the trip seamlessly. The crew served  both rows of the plane in sync. Everyone ate during the same times. I don¨t think they team out of any of the listed dining options. The flight was 6 hours long.・"
"1327" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1328" "As before, very good service and plenty of leg-room, but flight was late and because of that, I was not able to reach back home on the same day. Very comfortable seats and very good movie-selection. If not late, I would have given 5 stars..."
"1329" "Greeted warmly and with friendly and good service and also provided a wide range of entertainment. The ride was smooth including the landing and it was very spacious in between seats which will not feel uncomfortable! Thank you Korean air!"
"1330" "Korean Airlines has the best service, kind, respectful, and helpful.  The only thing you need to be aware of when deplaning at Daniel K. Inouye international airport they are no shuttle to customs and no bathroom till you reach customs.  It felt about a 1/2 mile walk or longer. ・"
"1331" "Flew 4 segments with Korean Air in business class.  The flight from Toronto to Seoul was on a new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner.  Nice plane.  Cabin crew was friendly but the food was not too good.  Flight landed at Incheon airport in the new terminal 2.  Excellent airport, bright and・"
"1332" "On time. Great service. In-flight entertainment system. Friendly staff.   You'll pay more for tickets. But no add on prices for seat reservations or luggage.   Highly recommend this airline."
"1333" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1334" "Korean Air did not disappoint us! The economy class is actually very spacious comparing to most airlines that I have flew with. The flight attendants are very nice and friendly. Check in process is quick and easy. The food is decent with at least three different options. Variety・"
"1335" "My first time flying with Korean Air. Moslem Meal was so not good... The flight was decent. Had to wait a long time for my baggage."
"1336" "WONDERFUL airline. So much room on the A380 - even in coach - that I could stand up at my seat and not hit my head. Plenty of leg and shoulder room. Excellent food - especially for coach class. Wonderfully kind and attentive air staff, that even clean the bathrooms during the・"
"1337" "Korean Air is excellent,  economy seating is excellent and roomy, and service is excellent and as in entertainment.  Plane is very clean in the cabin."
"1338" "I flew Korean Air to and from my recent trip to Thailand and must say it was a great flight.   This airline made a long flight enjoyable. The service was amazing, the food wasn¨t terrible and the actual comfort of the plane was decent.   I would recommend this airline to anyone・"
"1339" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1340" "This was my first time flying with Korean Air, and even better since it was on Business Class and exaclty on my 50th birthday!  Service was impecable. It was really impressive how committed all flight attendants were to service and the level of care and detail orientation was・"
"1341" "We traveled from Chicago to Hong Kong a few weeks ago with our toddler, and could not have been more pleased with the experience. My sister had told me that basic economy on KA is basically economy plus on other (especially US-based) airlines, and she was right.  For once, the・"
"1342" "I've now flown Korean Air to Fiji for the last 8 years and still consider it to be the best route both in terms of cost and convenience. It's cheaper than Hong Kong or Singapore and certainly avoids the American immigration trauma! The flight attendants are getting better at・"
"1343" "Being used to Delta Comfort class seating, I was amazed to find that Korean Air's basic economy seating has as much room and comfort as Delta's Comfort Class.  Plus, Korean Air has the most friendly, helpful staff of any airlines.  It is truly a pleasure to fly KA!"
"1344" "I've been on plenty of 14 hour flights like this one.  Everything was fine, and Korean Air does a pretty good job making it as comfortable as possible.  The one thing I would say was a detriment is that we were only offered two full meals (and a few snacks), which isn't too much・"
"1345" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1346" "Overall is good and pleasant. Air stewardess are very attentive. They walk around the cabin to attend to any request from passengers. Only disappointment is that there is no Korean related food offered on this flight, I was hoping to enjoy taste of Korea on Korean Air. I have・"
"1347" "This is a 15 hour non stop flight and the feed you exactly one meal !! the rest is all snacks and drinks on the return i furnished my own food and snacks as the one meal they did serve ? well it just was not so good sorry but that is how it went ! we did arrive on time and・"
"1348" "The flight was excellent from start to finish. The plane was very clean, and the flight attendant tried to make sure the lavatory is in good condition as soon as a passenger comes out. The food was great and the selection of beverages was also extensive and nice. Flight・"
"1349" "Checked in as a sky priority because I have morning calm. Fast check in and got the luggage quickly as well."
"1350" "Very comfortable flight with free overnight hotel arranged by Korean Air at Grand Hyatt Incheon.  Excellent and very polite service by cabin staff. Food of high standard."
"1351" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1352" "Went to Seoul last January via Korean Air (second time to fly Korean Air). Economy class seats had ample legroom and were comfortable. The bibimbap was delicious! In-flight entertainment had limited number new movie options but at least offered good choices. Amenities were good.・"
"1353" "Flew economy, service staff is super polite and helpful. Get all the free Gochujang you can, it's delicious on everything. Would definitely fly again."
"1354" "The service was excellent from the moment you checked in. All the crews were friendly. The food was good. The flight was great. I had a very comfortable journey. Nothing that I don't like."
"1355" "With KAL, youll have consistent good service from check in to baggage pickup,  Flight attendants are always gracious and polite, making sure everything is OK with you.  One  issue is the new terminal 2 check in for business/first class customers.  KAL has one checkpoint for all・"
"1356" "I booked the day prior to flying In February 2018 based on the significant fare savings unique to this carrier online. When I checked in at the airport, I mentioned I had never flown with Korean. The agent smiled and said, \"This is going to be a beautiful experience for you..\".・"
"1357" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1358" "I've flown Korean Air a number of times and have been very satisfied with the politeness, level of service and professionalism of the teams.    However it is hit and miss with their website functionality if you are buying their flights as codeshare (in my case from Delta). ・"
"1359" "Picked up a KE 777 aircraft in Dallas-Ft Worth for a Mission trip to Cambodia with connecting flight n the brand new Terminal 2 oat Incheon Korea.  Our layover was only 50 minutes which is impossible to meet in that airport in the best of circumstances, but with the \"Transfer\"・"
"1360" "I had never flown Korean Air before but decided on this airline for our trip to Vietnam.  What a great choice.  Every encounter I had with the folks from Korean Air was fantastic.  Their staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  The flight itself was long and I was worried about・"
"1361" "The first part of my flight was 15 hours. There were plenty of new release movies to watch for free to keep me entertained. The drinks, food and snacks were all free. The seating was comfortable for economy seating. This was my 3rd trip with Korean Air to the Philippines and I・"
"1362" "Has to be the best airlines I've ever flown with. The seats are comfy, cabin crew members are extremely polite and friendly, entertainment selection is excellent, and refreshments were given quite often. Now the downside (though minor in my opinion), food selection is a bit・"
"1363" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1364" "All flights were on time the crews were superb very attentive and friendly service. Enjoyed the meals preferred the Suites on the 747 to the seating on the 777ER. Stopover in Seoul was flawless. Could not fault the new Airport it really is world class. A first class experience・"
"1365" "Great service, fast check-in and boarding, good breakfast included, great room for legs, and free entertainment on board. Great value for money. Far better than expected."
"1366" "Very comfortable and good food, cabin attendants are friendly, quickly responded my request. 12 hours direct flight was quite hard."
"1367" "Having dinner and after may be 3 or 4 glasses of wine. Note: smallest wine glasses in any business class I know and poorly filled The flight attendant told that due to Korean Air internal rules I need to wait for two hours before I may have wine again! And unbelievable really・"
"1368" "Business class is really no more than premium economy. Uncomfortable seats which do not 'flat bed' Menu selection very limited and once food is served extremely difficult to get any attention from crew. Much better value/choice with other airlines"
"1369" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1370" "From checking in to my final destination everything went smoothly.  The flight crew were great.  They were pleasant, polite and service was above and beyond in my opinion.   I travel a lot and this was one of the best flights I have been on.  There were some slight delays but・"
"1371" "I was really looking forward to flying on Korean Air, but it was only okay. First they couldn't run the air-conditioning until they got in the air. I don't understand why, I have never experienced this before. This was both coming and going. Second, the food was okay. I was・"
"1372" "From check-in to arrival Korean Air is a dream for long haul. The flight crew are the most pleasant I have ever experienced. The food and drink amazing!! The seating fully adjustable and very comfortable. All in all the best long haul experience. Highly recommended."
"1373" "I chose Korean Air because I was on a budget. The service was pretty average. I was on a special meal so nothing to compare there. The seats were average and I have had better on other Asian airlines, so for long haul flights I suspect this will take its toll on you.  The key・"
"1374" "Excellent service!..Safe, comfortable and amazing flight!.Korean Air - number 1! Be the first all the times!.."
"1375" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1376" "Service on this airline is wonderful.  The flight attendants are lovely and helpful.  I'm vegan, so I can't comment on the food too much, but with the 13 hour flight, two full meals, snacks, drinks (including alcoholic) were served in real glass with actual cutlery which was・"
"1377" "I've been flying Korean Air for over a decade now. Service is outstanding, food is good and flights are always on time. I'll be travelling again in May and will fly Korean Air. You'll never go wrong with Korean Air when it comes to Service and price wise."
"1378" "Korean Airline is my favorite so far, they provide clean and roomy aircraft, Food are delicious, service is the best, always smiling and very courteous flight attendants, they provide individual TV/Movie Screen, so you have a choice and lots more choices of TV and Movie to・"
"1379" "Koreans are super efficient people. Everything from check in to boarding and landing went without a hitch. The plane was spotless. The stewardesses were well trained, very well groomed and efficient with their duties. Highly recommend this carrier and will use it again in the・"
"1380" "What a delightful six hour flight.........after 14 hours on air Canada you really notice the extra seat room, more than accommodating flight crew, food and beverages top notch!  I look forward to the flight home on this airline.....good job everyone, thanks and will fly Korean・"
"1381" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1382" "the only advantage of taking business class on its domestic flights are: 1)wider seats 2)first to board 3)first to leave the plane  Lounge? 1)serves only biscuits, some beverages and candies"
"1383" "Traveled from Toronto-Manila-Toronto.   Food choices are OK.  In-flight entertainment is pretty good.  Stewards were friendly and helpful.  "
"1384" "This was the first time ever A380 Airplane. With a excellent personal entertainment system I enjoyed very much even though this is a 14-hours flight time. Also this was also right after the opening of the new ICN 2nd terminal. I expected some confusions but everything went・"
"1385" "I'm quite tall, 5ft 11, with long legs. The flight was so much better with this airline because I could actually stretch out and when the person in front reclined their seat I didn't get me knees bumped. They also served very good food by very pleasant flight attendants. The・"
"1386" "Korean Airline is number one airline for me. I have been using their service since 2011. What I love about them, I love their service on the plane, the entertain channels, ability to choose your meals and seats when you book online, clean on the plane and at the Korean・"
"1387" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1388" "I have flown several times, usually in the U.S.A. but I have had multiple international flights mostly to Hong Kong, a few to Italy, and one to Bangladesh. I must say with all my flights the most memorable, comfortable and pleasant in everyway possible was on Korean Air. The・"
"1389" "Everything on this plane was great. The staff, the food, the seats (wide, reclining and clean) made you really enjoy the trip. The staff is very professional, well dressed, and eager to make everyone comfortable. It's a very long flight, so being as ease, made the trip so much・"
"1390" "We were to fly from SFO to Cebu and return two month later. We had all the documents needed to arrive in SFO. I wanted to check with the airlines if they had any problems that my wife passport would have less than 6 months left when we returned.  I called their phone number. I・"
"1391" "Korean Air welcomes travelers and thanks them for choosing to fly with them. They are helpful mid flight as well."
"1392" "I will miss Korean Air. This was my fourth and final flight aboard Korean Air. It was just a perfect experience. I cannot afford first or business class and have to fly economy but it¨s really ok to do so aboard Korean Air. The legroom is just amazing. I¨m a big guy and have・"
"1393" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1394" "Not a bad flight the second in the past few months. Full flight but good service and a good flight overall. Food choices were okay but food was a little cold but no real issues. For a long haul however a good flight."
"1395" "I am sitting in the first class lounge (not business class) at JFK airport in New York City. Very poor food and drink selection compared with other international carriers.  Unfortunately, Korean Air is only one of 2 non stop flights to Seoul from NY. "
"1396" "It¨s rare when you wish that the flight can continue on but our flight had to end. I was thoroughly enjoying my in-flight movie, meal and legroom and it came to an end. I usually can¨t wait to get off the plane but I was in no rush. The service, food, legroom and smiles I get・"
"1397" "Flying with Korean Air is always like flying with the best. Food is always good. Seems like they usually have at least three options. In-flight entertainment has a good selection. The screen is huge!  On my return flight I was upgraded to prestige class. That was very nice. The・"
"1398" "I¨ve flown to South Korea three times- twice on KAL and once on a US carrier. There is no comparison in the comfort and level of service on the two airlines. The legroom, the food, the in flight entertainment and the service details from the cabin crew are miles ahead of the US・"
"1399" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1400" "This was my first time flying with Korean Air. Great service, good food and plenty of leg room. I had a layover in the new terminal 2 of Incheon Airport,it was amazing! So many shops and restaurants. I will use this airline again. My party was travelling with a baby and the・"
"1401" "First time, and I was utterly impressed.  The seats were comfortable, and I was asked how did i like my steak, (which is rare) and it was cooked perfectly! Staff were attentive and great Entertainment, which was also very easy to use."
"1402" "Wonderful Service, great space, legroom and privacy in the prestige class in the upper deck. It is like flying in a little hub where you have a firstclassfeeling due to the fact that you have so much space. Food was great - especially the korean dishes where exquisite. The only・"
"1403" "You can¨t ask for anything more with an economy seat while flying. The seats are spacious as well as the overhead compartments. I can fully sit and extend my legs and not be cramped. The in-flight entertainment is phenomenal. The food, while not gourmet, is the best I¨ve ever・"
"1404" "A sudden trip to Manila to visit my family, but Korean Air made it better. The service was good, food and staff were on point. This is my 6th time flying this airline and it always gives me good feel."
"1405" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1406" "We had a perfect flight from Beijing to Incheon aboard a large plane with spacious seating. I¨m a big guy and had plenty of legroom. The food was very good and we enjoyed the free movie selections. I had actually hoped the flight was longer as we didn¨t get to finish our movie・"
"1407" "In my experience, international flights on Asian carriers tend to offer a quality of travel superior to most U.S. carriers.  This flight with Korean Air was no exception.  As the cheapest ticket available for this particular route/date, KA nevertheless provided a very good・"
"1408" "I flew with korean when i went to watch the olympics. I found the stewardesses very friendly and helpful. They also had a good choice of food to pick from aswell. My only moan would be the entertainment on the plane. I had a 10 hour flight going there and a 12 hour one coming・"
"1409" "This was a red-eye flight from Singapore (departing 1.30am) arriving in Seoul 8.40am (local time).  Very comfortable flight, lots of leg room in economy and seats could recline to a decent level to allow for a relatively comfortable sleep. Pillows, blanket and an overnight・"
"1410" "Frankly, the reason for selecting this flight was the fact it provided a direct route at a convenient time. It's a pretty standard, fairly old-fashioned business class product: 2-2-2 configuration with flat beds. You're obliged to step over your neighbour if seated by the・"
"1411" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1412" "I flew with Korean air on this route for the first time and it definitely wont be the last. They were one of the cheaper airlines but providing the most suitable flight times. So that I didn't have to arrive in Colombo at midnight! everything went smoothly, the planes are big・"
"1413" "I am always pleased with Korean Air. Every flight I take is too notch and I cannot say enough great things about them. Highly recommended."
"1414" "Due to the budget set for my trip to Seattle, I was not able to fly the airlines that I usually use. With the much lower ticket price, I was not expecting a lot.  And I Was Wrong. I have to say, the services that the attendants offer was really out of the world.  And the quality・"
"1415" "Travelled between Seoul and Jeju with Korean air. Love the online check in stands and the fast baggage drop off service. However ground service is average. Our flight to Jeju from Seoul was delayed by 2 hours and the ground service staff were informative and apologetic・"
"1416" "It was an international travel from Fukuoka (Japan) to Delhi (India) via Seoul (South Korea) by Korean Air. Due to the bad weather condition, the airline was kept on postponing the estimated time of departure in Fukuoka (Japan) Airport. The flight from Fukuoka to Seoul was 5:30・"
"1417" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1418" "The Korean Air flights are very well scheduled, serviced and run. It is clean, efficient and polite.Leg room in ordinary aisles is greater than other airlines, seats are good (though nothing but regular stretching saves your back over two 10-hour flights in the row.  Flying・"
"1419" "Really pleasantly surprised by Korean air, really good service through out the flight. I'm 6ft 4in with long legs and found the seats comfortable with lots of leg room. Modern inflight entertainment system with good film choices. Food was good. The only thing slightly negative I・"
"1420" " Went to visit my daughter who was working in S. Korea and was not looking forward to a 14 hr flight..until I flew this airline. It was a vacation by itself. I was offered wine/fresh juice/water/soda/ mixed drinks and snacks throughout the trip. Was given・"
"1421" "Over all the experience was ok. The ground service was another problem. When I am traveling with someone I would like to sit with that person. Our tickets were booked together. However, we were seated separately on the plane. Both legs from Chicago to Korea and the onto Manila.・"
"1422" "2nd time flying Korean Air in Business Class.  Service is much better than domestic airlines - 2 meals!  Priority check-in and lounge access.  Separate lane for boarding. Lounge in Inchon is nice; even better in Bangkok.  Free alcohol, soft drinks and snacks. Lie flat seats on・"
"1423" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1424" "So I have a Delta Ticket on a Korean Air fight, and both Delta and Korean Air reps tell me the other airline controls the upgrades?  After calling both and going to both counters, i ended up in my economy seat (for the third flight to/from Korea within the last four months.  If・"
"1425" "Travelling to Asia takes a while and comfort matters.  Korean Air offers business class in the upper middle range of other airlines in terms of amenities, wines and bed comfort.  They are not at the top with their wine knowledge and their beds, once fully extended, are narrow・"
"1426" "Excellent flight!  Attentive service, outstanding meals, and the plane, anAirbus A380 is, by far, the most comfortable commercial plane in the air: High ceilings, muted lighting, large windows and high ceilings, and a very quiet cabin.  I¨ve taken a lot of long haul flights on・"
"1427" "My wife and I fly from the USA to Asia at least annually and have come to appreciate Korean Air very much.  They are almost always on time, the aircraft are meticulously maintained and the crews very professional.  One of the things they do better than almost every other airline・"
"1428" "We had good service all during the flight,  the meals was good and we had a choice of different meat.  The flights attendant were nice to and attentive to us."
"1429" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1430" "The flight home from Seoul to San Francisco was utterly brutal. My first complaint would be that there is no air ventilation on this flight and depending on where your seat was... The air was stagnant. Several times I asked the flight attendant to turn on the air which they・"
"1431" "The meal choices were excellent.  The flight attendants were attentive to every need during two lengthy international flights.  Complimentary wine was available as desired.  The in-flight movie choices were nicely varied, with comfortable headsets.  Courtesies such as・"
"1432" "Our family¨s flight from Manila to Incheon was delayed on account heavy fog in Korean. The Manila staff was able to handle it well and even served snacks as it was lunch time.  However when we were in Incheon, we were surprised at the number of whose flights were either delayed・"
"1433" "Very comfortable seats with plenty room for legs, number of staff twice as in other company, excellent entertainment options , food is not amazing especially for western, big and new aircraft, all together highly recommended.  "
"1434" "Very comfortable seats.  The meals were excellent.  The staff was very attentive.  Overall a very nice flight."
"1435" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1436" "First time taking Korean Air. The leg room is definitely more spacious than Singapore Airline. Overall i had a comfortable time travelling with them. However, for check in baggage, they are not so flexible. I purchased an additional baggage as i bought quite a number of stuff in・"
"1437" "Very nice  leg room for economy. Incredibly efficient and pleasant service as well. Food was good. In-flight entertainment very good as well. Incheon is one of the nicest airports in the world so it is an additional incentive"
"1438" "The terminal 2 of ICN airport is co called \"smart terminal\", that means you can check in and your luggages by yourself on the kiosks.  Well I did the online check in one day before my depareture day on the Korea Air official website. However the kiosks at the airport did deny my・"
"1439" "This was the second time I've flown south with Korean, this time with a friend, and once again I was blown away by the comfort, service and genuine contribution to making such a long trip (almost) enjoyable. She too was gobsmacked. Value for money there can't be anyone to rival・"
"1440" "Excellent booking system and in-flight service, and also the ability to change return flights for no or low cost, even for cheap economy-class tickets. However, it is definitely worth taking seatguru information into account: the seats on their 747 aircraft are much more・"
"1441" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1442" "Flying to Chicago was great because I had my whole row of three seats to myself. I suspect it may have had something to do with impending nuclear war. I had two trays down for food. I had 3 screens open, two for flight info and one for movies. I could lift the armrests and・"
"1443" "I had never flown with Korean Air before so I had no expectations.  After flying multiple airlines on our way over to Vietnam on route to Canada we had experienced the usual flying treatment.  Checking in our luggage and making our way through the terminal we passed through the・"
"1444" "All the staffs are very good and helpful since check-in until boarding + in flight. The food is great, delicious and fresh. Comfortable seat and leg room. Aircraft is new and clean. There are both morning flight and evening/ night flight to select both ICN-BKK and BKK-ICN. It's・"
"1445" "Flight was comfortable.  On time.  Very professional.  My only negative was the price.  We paid around 30,000 philippine pesos (around US$600) for round trip for one person.  We chose this flight because we travelled during holy week where other airlines took advantage of the・"
"1446" "For some reason the flight was over an hour and a half late leaving LA so we missed the once a day flight to Yangon..When we arrived in Seoul they already had us rerouted to fly to Singapore,a 8hour detour.  The flight was delayed by an hour making it very right on the・"
"1447" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1448" "To be honest, I was pleasantly surprised.  I don't know why but I wasn't looking forward to flying with Korean Air.  But, we had great flights, each direction.  They were on time, the service was extremely friendly, there was plenty of leg room, the meals were nice.  There is・"
"1449" "The service on Korea Air is good, about the same as Air Singapore, so pretty good. The leg room is average. I was travelling with a very tall companion and he was comfortable. The trouble started when we reached Seoul where we had to change planes.  We were about an hour late・"
"1450" "I went to check in at the Jeju Airport for my flight and was told that my original flight was cancelled. Luckily they managed to get me on to another flight as they said they couldn't contact me through my non Korean telephone number"
"1451" "A380-800 so relatively modern aircraft. The business class seats have two issues. One is that there is the flip up foot plate. This is a problem when reclining if you are over say 5 11. Put the flash up and you have to bend your legs. Put it down and there is a large 'lump' that・"
"1452" "I was on a frequent flyer ticket in economy (my wife sat next to me on a paid business ticket). The Dulles to Seoul flight was outstanding: exceptional service and attitude, excellent food (Korean and Western). We fly a lot internationally. From DC and the East Coast, Korean・"
"1453" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1454" "The crew doesnt speak fluently english like me so it's difficult to understand each other. The food is bad and the service is too slow. At the airport Incheon people doesnt speak english so it's very difficult."
"1455" "The flight and crew are good but the Seoul airport lounge is terrible.    They are out of wine (which is self service ) and I asked a worker about getting some more and she waived me off as if I were annoying her.   There are dirty dishes everywhere   These people really need・"
"1456" "Last minute plane swap to an inferior Business Class product, delayed departure out of SEA... I do love the 777-300ER... such a wonderful airplane.  I wish they would put individual air vents ... Asian airlines just keep their planes SWELTERING in the cabins.  My Dad and I were・"
"1457" "This was a first for me traveling out of the country. I heard good things about many airlines but I chose to fly with Korean. This was a memorable experience for me and if I¨m ever traveling to Southeast Asia, this is the Airline for me and my family.   The airplane itself is・"
"1458" "The first time I used a washroom on a Korean Air flight, I was impressed by how clean it was. I didn't realize until I stepped out of the washroom that it was because there is a flight attendant whose sole responsibility is to keep the washrooms clean. At the end of a long haul・"
"1459" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1460" "Overall not too bad a flight for a long haul. Departed Auckland at 10am local time and arrived 1800 local time so about 11 hours in total. Meal service just after take off which acted as a lunch and then another one before landing which acted as dinner. Reasonable movie・"
"1461" "The reasons I¨m giving Korean Air a 4* review and not 5* is because of food and entertainment. The vegetarian food is quite bad, to be honest. If you can, choose the vegetarian Hinduh meal, as that seems to be the only meal with some flavor. Entertainment is very limited - 1・"
"1462" "I have traveled Korean Air many times and it is offering amazing Economy class product between Australia and Europe - seats with unbelievable leg space, nice catering, clean aircrafts, free 5-star hotel in Incheon on transit. Airbus 330 and Boeing 747-8 aircrafts are very・"
"1463" "If you are flying business class (Prestige on Korean) definitely get a window seat.  This seat can be enclosed, giving a great amount of privacy and quiet during a long haul flight that is not available on the aisle seat.  It is also possible to sleep more on your side (the・"
"1464" "there was a slight delay in flying out of Singapore (approx 30 mins later), the staff handle the situation pretty well. On board, the flight attendants were helpful."
"1465" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1466" "As usual. Very nice flight. Very well trained crews. Thanks for keeping up the world class service in the air. Very few airlines can compete with you as of now. Include Northern Europe, I don't want to mention American's.... They are behind you by far.... Please give my best・"
"1467" "I have travelled many times on Korean air on the hanoi-washington route and always found it comfortable.this time the plane from hanoi to incheon was late due to bad weather and once at incheon the second plane was even later firstly for unknown reasons and then a further 45・"
"1468" "Affordable flights and as comfortable as one can be on a long distance flight, I'd have to say that flying with Korean Air was quite enjoyable. I'm short so I tend to find the leg room fine. The entertainment system was modern, with plenty to choose from.. The staff were・"
"1469" "I must say I live in Canada and have traveled on many airlines but by far this airline is above and beyond excellent. The staff in Vancouver to Seoul is just so accommodating and very helpful especially when traveling with a baby they make you feel like a important guest Mikki・"
"1470" "Already the thirth flight with this company. It is an 11hr flight from Amsterdam-Seoul and anorher 5hr to Cebu. Korean Air is one of the better companies. The crew is friendly, the food is alright. You have a big choice in movies on your own screen. Everything is organized very・"
"1471" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1472" "Flew on an Airus A330.  Decent seat pitch (my height is 6-2).  Airline staff was very courteous, efficient and professional.   They have nice flat screen tv's on the back of the seats and lots of movies to select from which makes the trip go fast.  I ordered the veggie・"
"1473" "Flight was really nice, crew are super and really care about their passengers.   What was really nice I was checking for my flight from Seoul to Saigon and the red light went off.  KAL staff told me, hi Mr. Beck you have been upgraded to 1st class.   Which was really nice.   I・"
"1474" "nothing to impress,, just for the price, but for 17 hrs flight a little more xtra MILE WILL BE GREAT, as normal Asian air crew very cold, a few options on food, wine list, and movies.  Nice purple blankets....and pillows,,,"
"1475" "As normal,  Korean Air is always very courteous and efficient. Food servings are adequate... for smaller tastes. Food flavor is good. Drinks are always small serving. But you can always ask for more.  Flight attendants spoke good English."
"1476" "New plane, good staff, comfortable seats and a reasonable entertainment package. The food was good too and it is well worth picking the Korean options"
"1477" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1478" "This flight was the best I've taken so far, and the service was excellent and the seats were very comfortable with a lot of leg room."
"1479" "i have flown several times on this route - flown economy and splurged and flew business (sleeper berth) .  You expect to be pampered when you fly business or first class (which they do)  but they treat you very well in coach (economy) - the attendants are very pleasant."
"1480" "I will definitely travel with this airline again and will recommend it to anyone. This is the best flight I've taken so far. The flight was very smooth and peaceful. I slept most of the time but was able to watch a movie or two, The air hostesses were very professional and・"
"1481" "Overall good airline. Flew upstairs on A380 and the seats were good - standard side by side lie flat. Service was professional but not \" above and beyond\". The food was good but once again not incredible.The lounge at Incheon needs some improvement as it has limited offerings・"
"1482" "Premium Economy class seat space was wider, plenty of leg room in the front compared to United in the same class category. Service was pleasant, they walked around frequently to offer water or juice. Food was quite good, they offered two most popular Korean dishes and western・"
"1483" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1484" "Friendly and well-trained crews Delicious meals plus the latest movies Comfortable seating is essential 虞錘走澗 岨 紺欠"
"1485" "Flew cattle class Brisbane to Vancouver via Seoul. 5 in our party so saved a few grand compared to Qantas and Air Canada. Only negative is that the flight times are longer. Seats were excellent, plenty of leg room where as my knees usually touch the seat in front. Seat was also・"
"1486" "The best long distance, economy flight I have ever taken! The legroom was great and the on board service remarkable!"
"1487" "Flew KE647 from Seoul to Singapore on January 8th, which was delayed by 45 minutes.  The pilot made no effort to make up, in part, the lost time due to the delay. Asked the stewardess if I could be pre-positioned before landing to exit early to catch another flight without any・"
"1488" "We were scheduled to fly on Delta from Singapore to Detroit Via Tokyo. Our flight was cancelled due to a typhoon hitting Japan. Delta rescheduled us on South Korean Airlines to Seoul. This was our first time traveling with them. The staff was impeccably dressed and mannerly. The・"
"1489" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1490" "A great airline to fly with.  The aircraft were very nice, great leg room even in economy and roomy.  Cabin service very good and flight attendants were extremely helpful.  The inflight entertainment was very good with lots of choice.  Meals were pretty good but we had to・"
"1491" "I did not know what to expect on my first flight on Korean Air. My Delta Sky Priority status allowed first boarding, but no other benefits. I wanted to hang an expensive garment bag, but they denied me on one of the two flights because I bought coach class, despite being the・"
"1492" "A good flight n good staff.... Though the crew dont really understand English.. But they had try.. Good"
"1493" "The service on this flight was cold and unfriendly. Korean has very nice aircraft (this was an Airbus A330) with good seat pitch and good inflight entertainment, but the service by the flight attendants was very cold and robotic. They did not smile nor have any sense of warmth. ・"
"1494" "I travelled to South Korea directly from Singapore. I would say, one of the best airlines carrier that I took. Everything was perfect. Legroom, Food and the flight crew was very very friendly and helpful. No complains."
"1495" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1496" "The service on board is excellent and the food was really good! Someone complained about the delay on boarding... it seems it happens often, though."
"1497" "Flew HNL to BKK. Flight wasn't bad, flight attendants not very friendly though. But they feed you a few times, Bibimbap and another meal. Movies are a bit dated. Since we have status on Expedia where we book most of our flights I do notice that the connection times are not so・"
"1498" "Totally unexpected kindness and deliberate service. Hard to pick out any discomforts other than too much kindness. "
"1499" "I flew economy whilst family members were flying Business class. I was able to see both aspects of the passenger treatment for both classes, and I have to say it was great seeing the same standard of service across the whole plane. Seats were comfy and plenty of legroom. Food・"
"1500" "We were in Business class -- the service was outstanding -- huge spaces between seats -- crew that patrolled the cabin to ensure each passenger was looked after to the fullest. The crew bowed and thanked each passenger individually for using Korean. A very nice touch."
"1501" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1502" "We were originally on the ICN-IAH direct flight but since they cancelled their direct service from Incheon to Houston, we had to connect in LAX.    Truth be told, I've never been in First Class.  I've been in Business plenty of times.  I was super excited.  And we were on an・"
"1503" "Heard many positive things before traveling. The staff and the food (ate the Korean options) was nice and they catered well for children. However, the entertainment service had a poor selection of films which is hard to deal with on long flights. The kids loved the old fashioned・"
"1504" "Good flight.  Left Chicago on time, and arrived Incheon a few minutes early. Good connection to next flight, waited only 1 1/2 hours (as scheduled). Service good.  Food adequate.  No problems.  Luggage arrived final destination ok."
"1505" "This was my first time flying Korean Air. My itinerary was JFK with Chg of aircraft in Seoul, Incheon airport then on to Manila. Service was very good, flight smooth and overall a wonderful experience.  I would be amiss if I didn¨t make mention of Incheon Airport Lounge, with・"
"1506" "This was the first time that my wife and I flew with Korean Air and it will be the last. On the way to Madrid we had a night layover in Seoul and were to fly out the next day at around 11.30 am. After the lengthy drive to the airport from the layover hotel, battling through・"
"1507" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1508" "My daughter was flying back from Seoul to Singapore. ETD 2 pm.  The official announcements for the delay were made mainly in Korean & there was no English-Speaking staff around to deal with passengers' queries. After a 3+ hour wait (most of them on the floor, as there were no・"
"1509" "I found both sets of flights on Korean Airlines to be pleasant and enjoyable.  Not the best airline I've flown but not the worst.  Overall, they rate quite \"upper middle\" in my mind.  The seat comfort was good, but not great.  The lie-flat seats from Seoul to Chicago weren't・"
"1510" "Korean air is pretty good but not the top airline.  They always seem to have delays (long ones) at Incheon.  Ours was 6 hours with no information on what was happening, how long the delay would likely be except for an initial announcement of 40 minutes delay which came and went・"
"1511" "We flew SEA-ICN as a leg headed for Phuket, Thailand.  Would never be able to do this were it not for using mileage awards accumulated over the past five years, but it's well worth spending the miles for business class. I really didn't find Korean Air's service to be・"
"1512" "First time on Korean Air and was very satisfied and impressed. Great service, good food, good entertainment. Hardly felt the hours go by."
"1513" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1514" "I¨ve flown with KA for at least 6x whenever I go visit my family in the Philippines. The thing that I like most about flying with them is they have the shortest flight (including layover) from Texas (either leaving from Dallas or Houston) to Cebu, Philippines. Service is really・"
"1515" "Everything about the flight was completely professional .   The chicken had an online option and the choice of meals was reasonable .   The cabin crew were professional and friendly I have nothing whatsoever to say in criticism of this flight .   We even arrived a few minutes・"
"1516" "Have flown Korean Air many times. Really nothing to complain about. The crew was and is always helpful and with a smile. Food is a little better than typical in-flight food. Restrooms are always cleaned. Going to Asia, fly Korean air. "
"1517" "Booked a ticket directly from the Korean Airlines website and thought all was in good order.  Unfortunately my name was registered incorrectly and only found this out a week before the flight.  I have a rather long Dutch name so this is not uncommon and I have had similar issues・"
"1518" "Excellency of services and smooth flight make pleasant travel.   everything is perfect food, service, wideness of seats.   One bad thing was too many kids around the seat which made me wake up during the flight."
"1519" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1520" "It was my first time flying Korean Air and I must say it was such a pleasure flight! The flight attendents are friendly and seats were spacious!   It would have been even better if food menus are given prior to serving food."
"1521" "Lie flat seats good-I slept soundly for 8 hours Food good Service exceptional  When I woke up long after the dinner service a stewardess came by and asked if I was hungry and prepared dinner for me When I went to the toilet a stewardess pointed the way and even opened the door・"
"1522" "Very friendly and competent crew, you get slippers, a toothbrush/paste, a warm towel upon waking, two included meals with wine, real silverware and glass.  The bathrooms are cleaned during the flight so they are always fresh.  "
"1523" "Really nothing much to complain but the crew pays attention sometimes and sometimes they try to not see if something not allowed to be done is done,  The service is perfect, The flight was comfortable enough"
"1524" "After not having taken Korean for over 10 years, we were rather disappointed with all the delays. We had to run to the gate to get our connection from Incheon to LA and our flight from LA to Incheon was delayed by 3 hours so we missed our connection from Incheon to Osaka. They・"
"1525" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1526" "Korean Air was a pleasure to fly! The flight attendants were extremely friendly, the seats were relatively spacious, and it made our nearly 24-hour total trip (between 2 flights) comfortable."
"1527" "A 4 leg journey return from London to Sydney, via Incheon, South Korea, in Business Class. Check in at LHR was quick & easy, but dont bother with the fast track security, very slow, staff more interested in chatting to each other, Sky Lounge, nice, not busy, food average.・"
"1528" "We were very pleased with our flight. There were 2 delays on the return trip home, but luckily we had long layovers anyway so it did not impact our overall trip. I would fly with them again."
"1529" "As one who thinks most airlines are bad, this one is pretty good.  The people nice, the food decent, the seats reasonably comfortable in economy.  Ran on time.  Even had a decent entertainment selection.  Would fly again."
"1530" "My husband and I recently took 6 flights with Korean Air. Of those, only 1 was not delayed. One delay was over 6 hours. Korean Air came recommended by multiple friends and their in flight service was great however if you need to make connections or have certain times/dates you・"
"1531" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1532" "We travelled Dubai to Korea, Then on to Hawaii. Excellent check in, lounges, comfort ,served kir royale in Biz  (beat your heart out BA who serve in First).  "
"1533" "A combination of factors delayed this flight from 7 PM to 9:10 PM to 9:30 PM final boarding time. But then due to other factors like deicing the plane and supposedly air traffic control we sat in the plane on the tarmac for two hours. I prefer to be inside the terminal where I・"
"1534" "Flight attendants nice and friendly, seat comfortable.  This is the second time I have flown Korean Air to Southeast Asia and would do so again."
"1535" "The only fact I wont recommend them is that I traveled with family and they could not put us together. Which is the first time experienced so bad unprofessional staff. Also they way they responded they could not help.   But on the plane, the staff were friendly and very nice. "
"1536" "I would not fly #KoreanAir if I were you.   Below is a letter i sent them over a week ago, and I received a canned reply.   Good morning,   My name is Brady Donohue, and on December 24 I had the unfortunate experience of having flown with Korean Air. My booking reference number・"
"1537" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1538" "I booked my very ( cheap ticket ) on Korean Air not knowing what to expect on this long haul flight. It was awesome, great food, different but good. Heaps of leg room, now I`m a 69yr old 80kg elderly woman with 2 knee replacements and I found this company amazing.. The overnight・"
"1539" "Outbound from BKK to ICN check-in counter did not open on time. Check-in staff sat around chatting, serving no one, until there were hundreds of people waiting. If you travel without luggage and dream of printing out your boarding pass at home and going straight to the gate・"
"1540" "I warned business at a bargain price, I certainly achieved that. Great service, good food, great cabin crew....bed was a little but short...I¨m 5 ft 11... which was the only negative and I would highly recommend Korean Air. I did four sectors with a 16 hour transit in Seoul・"
"1541" "Very professional attention and wonderful seating in ecomony, but the most amazing part was the arrival back to LAX.  All monitors were tuned to the tail camera showing a beautiful California day co mplete with palms on the airport fringe, AND THEN, the Mama's and Papa's came on・"
"1542" "I love the A380,  did not get on one of these, but with the flights that much shorter i guess the boeing suffice. The service was good on the planes, the in flight entertainment was good, the food on the way there was not all that. Son threw up on both landings. Food on the・"
"1543" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1544" "Flying the Korean Air Airbus 380 is  a great experience. The plane is massive and manages turbulence in a totally different way than for example the 777. The upper deck is only for business class complete with bar. The food is okay though not exceptional. The seats are very・"
"1545" "Korean Air cabin crew are polite and keep the lavatories clean and well stocked. Even for economy the food is good. Their website for seat assignment is not very helpful if you booked from other sources such as Expedia or any other online travel agency. I was not able to reserve・"
"1546" "Flew from JFK to Incheon intl. airport, Seoul by Korean airlines. It was a direct 14 hours flight. The seat & floor were clean, good leg space in economy class. Cabin crews were friendly & helpful. Toilets were clean. Food was ok - as usual airline food, not too good or bad. I・"
"1547" "Family flew Delta from ATL to BKK with a connect in Seoul.  The Seoul to BKK leg was actually code share with Korean Airlines and it was my first experience with them. I have to say, I was very happy.  I am Gold with Delta which gets you little out of Atlanta but actually comes・"
"1548" "Our experience with Economy with Korean Airlines was a HUGE shock to us. Lets start with the aircraft. An old 737, badly maintained, nothing dirty or anything, with the side panels had just seemed extremely yellow and faded. I usually travel on 'Prestige' class with KE, but・"
"1549" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1550" "We were headed home for my son¨s wedding and after boarding the Korean Air flight, heavy fog rolled in. For three hours we were not able to depart Seoul Incheon Airport. In that period of time the staff on the flight fed us and gave us drinks as if we were in flight. I did not・"
"1551" "We were travelling as a family of 5 and we got charged over AUD$100 because we had 6 bags to check in, instead of one per person. We were only using small suitcases and our total baggage weight was only about 80kg in total (we were permitted 125kg in total for 5 people) so it・"
"1552" "The 777 aircraft was clean and both the ground staff as well as the inflight staff were very courteous. Would definitely consider traveling again on Korean Air"
"1553" "Cabin crew would speak to you in Korean and some times mandarin or English. On this flight, we got a small pouch that had the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics 2017 logo on it and it contains slippers, toothbrush and toothpaste. The flight was delayed by 2hrs but we reached ICN 20mins・"
"1554" "<U+274E> Never Korean Air again.  Flight delayed more than 6 hours, no announcement for second delay, from 2.20pm flight delayed to 650pm and again to 850pm and flight finally took off around 930pm. Ground staff not apologetic as if we deserved to be delayed. Thght budget air is bad,・"
"1555" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1556" "This was a very comfortable flight with spacious seats. Staff were extremely helpful and the flight was very smooth and operated on time. It was our best flight out of several, and the airport at Incheon was also fantastic. I would recommend flying with them easily. "
"1557" "The service was not as good as it used to be, I fly 4 times a year to Asia and comparing trips with other airlines, KA is still in the top but food and cleanliness is getting degrading."
"1558" "This holiday season was traveled into China, via Seoul and had the pleasure to fly with the team at Korean Air. While I have traveled with most carriers in the US and several in Europe, my experiences have not been comparable to this. Here are just a few key items to point out・"
"1559" "Korean Air generally provides good services (nice staffs), but meal service seems have gone bit degraded compared to my previous flights.   I usually take and enjoy Korean meals, but even considering it was returning flights from overseas, Korean meal was disappointing.    The・"
"1560" "Delta booked me on a KAL flight from JFK to MNL, going through Inchon (ICN).  I flew Business Class, which takes up the entire second deck of an Airbus A-380. All the \"stews\" are attractive 20ish/30ish women, and they do try to serve. Most have limited English skills, but two・"
"1561" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1562" "excellent service. good food and many choices of movies in the in-flight entertainment. the legroom space is enough for quite a comfortable journey from sin to icn."
"1563" "Since I was flying to and from Busan, the plane is a pretty small one unlike the ones going to and from Seoul, both flights were not fully booked and I was lucky enough that I didn't have someone sitting right next to me TWICE. As usual, the air hostesses were very welcoming・"
"1564" "I was scheduled to fly on Korean Air on the 23rd of December 2017, flying out of Incheon International to Auckland International, and I want to share my extremely disappointing and frankly terrible experience.  It all started at the check-in desk when the Korean Air staff・"
"1565" "Korean Air has the best flight attendants around. They give outstanding services, friendly, and eager to help. They make long flights comfortable. Food on board is good. They give you real silverware , comfy blankets and their seats are good size even for economy.  The flight・"
"1566" "I had never flown Korean Air before this trip to Malaysia. I was a little hesitant but there were several fairly detailed reviews from passengers who had taken the chance. The aircraft were excellent. Dreamliner to Seoul and 747 to Kuala Lumpur. Food and service on board was・"
"1567" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1568" "Great airline!. Good ticket prices as we booked our tickets approx. 10 months in advance. On the first leg of the flight was Auckland to Seoul approx. (11.5 hours). Great service, food was pretty good especially the seaweed soup and bibibap. Korean Air had provided a stopover・"
"1569" "Flew UK to NZ Economy. Going out was super fast - 26 hours with ninety minutes to change. Coming back had an eighteen hour layover in Seoul. If you ring the airline they provide an hotel. This was superb, all very easy and so efficient. Stayed at a Best Western less than ten・"
"1570" "We have flown with several Airlines to the Far East and by far our preference is Korean Air. Food is tasty and abundant - sometimes too much so actually. Attendants are caring, attentive, polite and considerate. The hygiene on the plane is superior and the seating does not make・"
"1571" "I flew with a lot a airlines in the past, from budget, economy  and 1st and i had the chance to enjoy the premium service.  On my last flight from Toronto to Incheon (and the way back) i flew with Korean Air in economy.  At the beginning i was not sure how good the flight would・"
"1572" "Although the aircraft interior was not the latest specs, the cleanliness, service, attitude of the crew and attention to detail makes up for it. Crew genuinely cares, service was flawless, announcements kept to a minimum and the super soft landing just summed it up.. Truly a・"
"1573" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1574" "Excellent service throughout. Booked seats on-line and check in service was very efficient. Cabin crew attentive, organised and extremely friendly.  All spoke good English and made you feel welcome.  Korean Air are a class act and cut above the rest."
"1575" "I have flown Korean Air on various short and long-haul flights. Their service surpasses that of any other airline hands-down (even Emirates). The planes are clean, food is great, service is excellent, and rewards program decent. You pay for these luxuries however as their prices・"
"1576" "I flew to Seoul on 23/12/ 2017, my flight was suppose to take off at 330pm, but there was heavy fog in Incheon and the flight was delayed till almost 7pm.  Arrived Seoul at 11:45pm. Could blame nobody because of bad weather, afterall safety came first.  Inflight food was good・"
"1577" "As usual we booked for Garuda ticket but at that time we got Korean air , I¨m not sure because of the Garuda and Korean in one of Sky team member? We don¨t know. Whatever, the important think we have experienced with Korean air, its a pleasure on board experience. Almost the・"
"1578" "I could add the other flights from Jeju to Busan, Haneda back to Gimpo (under JAL, but actually a KAL airplane).  The legroom and seats were amazingly comfortable.  The service is excellent, the cabin is extremely clean.  Love the color (like a Tiffany blue) of the cabin seats. ・"
"1579" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1580" "I really like flying the different Korean based airlines.  The offer greater service and better room than their American based competition. The flight to and from was on their Airbus 380 which is a huge plane. I'm 6 feet tall and 280 lbs and had ample room in coach. My wife and・"
"1581" "I had a nice flight with this airline.  They are somewhat obsessed with turbulence and the announcer would come on very frequent with the warning a recommendation to use the seatbelt"
"1582" "Just a lovely Airline that flies through one of the nicest Airports that we have experienced .Even though the Staff's English was a bit limited [ our problem , not theirs ..]the pleasant and courteous Service made our Flights very enjoyable .,  Our Flight was on time on both・"
"1583" "Overall, I love flying Korean Air especially when you are on board the plane.  Flight attendants are always helpful and patient with passengers, especially the demands from Korean and the help they have to give to non-English speakers. Food always good, drinks are served quickly・"
"1584" "My flight was delayed by 5 hours. No email or text message to notify me. No explanation what so ever. Most other flights were not delayed just mine. I had to use my own mileage points to use the sky lounge. Food suck too!!! "
"1585" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1586" "Travelling in a group tour, the guide did all the checking in so all we had to do was wait. Service was good, food was ok and inflight movies not much choice however it's better than staring at the back of the seat."
"1587" "I was on my way back from a semester abroad and had a layover at Incheon. I had gotten in at 6 am and was supposed to fly to Chicago at 10:40 am. The flight was delayed due to heavy fog, which was understandable. What was absurd was we ended up being delayed for 9 hours! After・"
"1588" "This was a 5 1/2 flight from Bangkok to Seoul. The economy seating was comfortable and the service was kind and attentive. The attention to aesthetics and design in Korean culture makes for an atmosphere of serenity. My vegetarian meal was presented as requested. My one・"
"1589" "Worst airline we had to deal with. Connecting flight was at 5pm but ground personnel kept informing us that there¨s a delay every hour until 2am at which they told us that the flight had been cancelled and that the new flight would be at 6am. First Arline to singlehandedly・"
"1590" "A short flight very good service,courteous flight attendants, food choices are average plane food. Flights are on schedule."
"1591" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1592" "Tokyo to Seoul, Seoul to London flight KE907.  Excellent service,  excellent flight ,  good comfortable seats.  Unfortunately I couldn't get my choice of breakfast,  but its understandable, not much we can do at 33,000 in the air.   "
"1593" "Great trip, Korean have very friendly and helpful staff, economy seat is very comfortable flew on at 777-200 great leg room, food was very satisfying"
"1594" "First time flying in Business Class on Korean Air.  What a difference between US carriers!  Lie flat seats in individual pods, served 2 excellent meals from HNL to Incheon, then another meal from Incheon to Hong Kong.  Can also access their lounge which serves food and drink! ・"
"1595" "The airline staff is so kind and hospitable. I will take this flight again in the future!! And I will recommend to my friends and family :)"
"1596" "I like Korean Air cabin service very much. Attendants are doing very good jobs. Food quality is good too. But in ICN airport, ground staffs made a pretty horrible job on deal with huge long line of economy ticket holders to check in their luggage. This happens on 11/22 morning・"
"1597" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1598" "was a joy compared to aircanada (obviously).  great staff. great food. responsive. seats are actually wider than typical airplanes too."
"1599" "Ya food is good ...beer is good ....service is good .....ladies not as hot this time and dont like the new uniforms"
"1600" "good service.the flight has transfered at inchoen,south korea,it was easy and the time was suit for transfer flight around one and half hour. Inchoen airport has a variety of rest area example shower room and wide rest area for waiting."
"1601" "Kindly ground staff informed proactively on delay of 10 minutes departure, so often almost every minute of announcement, working hard to get things prepared and to be shorten the delay as minimal as possible. Kindly staffs on board helping us with big smile. Pleasant domestic・"
"1602" "Continuation of my flight from Toronto.  Despite change in planes and different crew for a less \"prestigious\" route, there is no decrease in quality of service and plane interior.  The 777 was well maintained."
"1603" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1604" "Very good.  No difference from the reverse flight from Incheon to Toronto.  Consistency in service and quality is a very good sign.  Very highly recommended.    Not affordable though if you try to buy late."
"1605" "A very good experience flying with korean air, despite being in economy class only.  The flight attendants are very caring and attentive.  You don't feel like \"second class\" unlike in other airlines. Seat legroom was good; the pitch was good for economy.  Seat comfort in economy・"
"1606" "very attentive service. flight attendants very helpful and very cheerful. legroom and seats very good despite being in economy.  pitch was very reasonable. very good selection of movies/entertainment. definite one of top choices for transpacific flights--a big value for money.・"
"1607" "The flight from Osaka to Seoul took off an hour and forty minutes late. As a result, we lost the connecting flight that we had to take from Seoul to Tel Aviv. The company representative offer us to fly one day later to Tel aviv via Istanbul and to arrive at a delay of 28 hours.・"
"1608" "Boeing 737-900. No individual entertainment system. Meal served (pork with rice) was poor. The broccoli was cod, rice was cold, only the meat was warm. "
"1609" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1610" "Boeing 737-800 config 3-3 in Y and 2-2 in J. Flight wasn't full so us in Y had 3 seats for 2. Great for a red-eye flight. Flight departed on time, arrived on time. Didn't have the meal on flight as was catching with sleep."
"1611" "On my way back to US.  found out Korean Air has been fly the A380 (ke692)from TPE to ICN.  so I booked a first class on the KE692  Wow.  The plane is so huge and I was the only one in the first class.  Although I was the only one , can¨t believe they still kept two flight・"
"1612" "Great service comfortable and roomy seats for economy. Food was high quality and tasty.The overnight stay in Incheon was seamless and really comfortable with dinner and breakfast included. Serious comfort on a budget."
"1613" "The check in process and boarding was smooth. The best part of the experience was the staff. The crew were professional and courteous. Since I had a very short layover in Seoul, the crew moved to a seat in the forward cabin.  "
"1614" "This was my first flight on Korean Air.  The service was outstanding.  The bathrooms were cleaned every time a passenger used them so they always smelt fresh.  Food and crew were great.  Would highly recommend this airline."
"1615" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1616" "I traveled with them from Tel Aviv to Seoul and then to Tokyo. Around 13 hours in total. This is the first time I don't have problems with an airline. Clean plane and restroom , kind staff, the food is good (they served 2 meals on the 11 hour flight and 1 meal and snacks on the・"
"1617" "My husband booked my flight on Korean Airline because of the reputation for great customer service. My husband and I have previously had excellent service when we traveled in coach class. However, my entire flight in Prestige Class was very disappointing. The customer service by・"
"1618" "They offered a great deal on the net so i took the flight, unfortunately was their ground service staff far from well trained.I checked if i could purchase an update to a higher class ( paid upgrade to be very clear ) and their first answer was i couldn`t.Then after me repeating・"
"1619" "I flew via Korean Airlines when I went to a business meeting at Washington DC in Sept 2017. It was my 1st time to fly via Korean Airlines and it was such a pleasant experience.   There are many things to like in this airline: flight attendants are accommodating and respectful;・"
"1620" "The reasons for 2 is the service in the airport at Korean airlines. The staff didnt have any control over the check in. After I pass in immigartion and was waiting to board one staff ask me about air ticket out of PH. She didnt no the rules and english for her was nothing. Sad・"
"1621" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1622" "My wife and I took Korean Air from Manila to Las Vegas via Inchon in Korea. Except for their on-line check-in which cannot be accessed, their check-in procedure at the airport was quite efficient. Check-in counters opened 3 hours before our flight and counters were attended to・"
"1623" "I left my phone behind at the gate and they were kind enough to fly it to me later that afternoon. Great customer service and price (even for a last minute booking), but I really wish they'd put Wi-Fi on their planes.  Food = tiny portions, not great Service = one of the best,・"
"1624" "very good organization, very nice and friendly staff, meal was not perfect, maybe because we are east European :-) bit different like the Asian country people."
"1625" "I've heard that the Korean air in-flight food is so nice, but it was worse than I expected. Was the amenity from DOVI? or DAVI. It was just normal. You can choose your joy from the many options. All of the services are perfect."
"1626" "Was invited to go to Las Vegas to judge at an international advertising awards festival. The organisers kindly offered to pay up to a certain amount and recommended I try Korean. They were about half the price of Qantas or other majors. Here's what I found: Cons: Lounges a bit・"
"1627" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1628" "Pleasant staff, quick to help when needed. Separate pods with comfortable seats and the ability to stretch into a sleeper. Planes on time, and a pleasant airport lounge. I would certainly recommend this airline, and would travel with them again. Seoul airport, with a very・"
"1629" "Seats has plenty space crew so attentive, very and professional friendly. Any problem, they did their best to solve."
"1630" "I've travelled most routes to Fiji and found using Korean Air to be the best. It's the least hassle, no US Immigration if going via LA and the cheapest direct route. You can get a cheaper flight vis Australia but it puts an extra day on a round trip expensive if you are going on・"
"1631" "You start check-in by waiting in a ridiculously long line that funnels people into a single person entry gate and then wait in another line based on your ticket class. This happened in Fukuoka, Seoul and Phuket. It's obviously their SOP. That's just to check-in before going to・"
"1632" "Not wanting a long haul flight our agent suggested a return ticket flying Korean Air to Heathrow via Incheon (Seoul) as SYD - INCH is approx. a 10 hr flight & INCH - LHR is about the same time in the air. The bonus going over was that the Korean Air flight included an overnight・"
"1633" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1634" "This is my first flight on Korean Air. Initial impression was positive having seen their advertisement and their new uniform. With regards to the service, it did not deviate from the norm. The crew members were firm and professional at the same time. The flight was fully booked・"
"1635" "We flew to London via Seoul,because the flight into Incheon airport did not link with the onward flight to LHR the airline put us up overnight at the Grand Hyatt at the airport which was excellent.The onward flight next day was great no problems.When we arrived at LHR we got a・"
"1636" "Even in the US, I have heard about the great flying experiences on Korean Air. Now that I've been on one of their flights, I also agree, The staff were kind and tried to speak to me as much as possible in English. The flight attendants also provided me with all the documents I・"
"1637" "Why have I not done this before: a family commitment in Scotland led to an online search for flights. Two 10-11 hour flights and an included overnight stay in Incheon looked good value. Economy class seats and meals were more than adequate (although Korean Air policy seems to be・"
"1638" "It was a pleasure to be welcomed aboard and the attention my wife and i received was excellent.  Press the call button and they came immediately.  The crew were so helpful especially when disembarkinging"
"1639" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1640" "The service is good beyond reproach,the planes are confortable with larger leg room, the food is mainly correan and pretty basic.The Seoul airport is one of the best in the world with plenty of facilities.The transit hotel in the airport is a very good idea if you have a longer・"
"1641" "We have travelled several times to Europe with Korean Air.  The staff are excellent, and are very attentive and polite.  They are mostly lovely Korean girls, though there are some male stewards who also offer great service."
"1642" "Every single time I use this airline, I feel they really care about customers. The airplanes are new and clean, the aircrew is very attentive and caring."
"1643" "Not flown with Airline before but would again. Easy booking and competitive re price. We paid 〔2200 each return from London to Tokyo with short stopover in Seoul. Easy online experience, simple checkin. Lounge in London is not the best by far and doesn¨t compare to BA but ok and・"
"1644" "Great in flight service and surprisingly good meals.  The NY Lounge was meh, but the lounges in Seoul and Denpasar were much better, Seoul being the best of the three by far."
"1645" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1646" "I took a flight KE 641 back to Singapore in the evening in 28 nov. When I boarded the plan I asked for dinner timing and was told by the stewardess that half an hour after take off. I told her I was hungry. She smiled!! 5 Min later 2 Korean men boarded and seated in front of me.・"
"1647" "2 times fly to Seoul with KA. Both time it was fast check-in, attendants are very friendly and ready to help. Even in Economy class is quiet comfort  flight. Seats are very comfortable, legroom is good. Nice selection of movie for any taste: Hollywood, Asian's films, cartoon for・"
"1648" "Not only a good service but also an outstanding flight with the new Boeing 747 - 8. A fine selection of excellent food, 5 courses , excellent wine. You have to transfer in Seoul. The time of flying is the same as stops with other airlines"
"1649" "The aeroplane, a Boeing 777, was new and had a comfortable seat and excellent IFE unit. The service on board was friendly and the quality of the light meal was excellent."
"1650" "Great service. And great Korean food. Lots of leg room for economy class too. The flight crew was very nice and attentive."
"1651" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1652" "The service was excellent, flight crews always taking care of us and the plane. Toilets kept clean, food was good"
"1653" "I arrived at the airport three hours before departure time, and found very long waiting line for check-in. I could use one of the kiosks provided for self-check-in. But I stood in line thinking I had enough time. It took a little more than one and a half hour to get my boarding・"
"1654" "I am a regular long haul traveller and have flown with many different airlines but I would recommend Korean Air as the best by far. The stop over at the Hyatt in Seoul was included and made the flight much easier. Food is good and includes European as well as Korean. Plenty of・"
"1655" "I flew Korean Air from Amsterdam Schipol to Seoul Incheon in August 2013. Services on board were good to very good. Seat comfort and legroom were average in Economy. Incheon being far from the city center, it takes 1 hour by coach but these buses stop at major hotels so it's・"
"1656" "We recently flew with Korean airline on a short flight from Sri Lanka to Maldives. We weren¨t expecting too much as they were the cheapest airline when we carried out our search however they succeeded our expectations.   The plane itself was a new design and there was plenty of・"
"1657" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1658" "The service and food are good. And the seat is big and comfortable when you have a long-distance flight."
"1659" "Comfortable flight with good food and great service. In-flight entertainment was good and all in all an excellent trip. Didn't give it 5 stars because there wasn't much privacy between seats"
"1660" "I found Korean Air to be extremely comfortable even though I was in economy class. I'm tall and had good leg room, the seat was very roomy and the staff were superb. I had a stopover in Seoul compliments of Korean Air and stayed in a very nice hotel with a fabulous spa in the・"
"1661" "Brilliant experience. I was worried about the length of the flight, but we were made very comfortable, toothbrushes, slippers and blankets supplied. Very good choice of films, music and entertainment. The flight crew were really attentive and respectful. I would recommend this・"
"1662" "Efficacy 100% and always with a smile, one of the best compagnies if not THE best! Service is fast, food is good for food on a plane. Timetable is respected!"
"1663" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1664" "Korean Air use to fly from Houston to Seoul but that connection was dropped causing us to be connected with American Airlines. It was easy and on the flight going and returning I needed wheelchair service - I was injured by hitting a deer a week before our departure. All the・"
"1665" "First time on KE flight and i was pleasantly surprised that the leg room was more spacious than even SQ. if you are one seated on the window seat, and not too tall 1.65cm and below, you can actually by pass your fellow passenger in the middle and aisle seat without having them・"
"1666" "Overall an excellent flight. Friendly check-in. On-time departure.  I'm 6'3\" and the generous seat pitch on the A330 is very comfortable in economy. I was fortunate, as the flight was not full, to get a row of 4 seats in the middle and was semi-comfortably able to lay down and・"
"1667" "We travelled on Korean Air to and from Seoul to visit our son who is working there.Both flights were on time, the food was delicious, the flight staff lovely and couldn't do enough for us. The flight was ten hours but the time passed quickly. The toilets were immaculate・"
"1668" "The plane was clean and kept so. The meal was good as was the service. The inflight entertainment needs to be improved. The leg room is a big plus this is the same with ANA."
"1669" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1670" "Contrary to companies like United Airlines, the focus is on the well-being of the customer.  I am tall, so I am always anxious for any flight exceeding 8 hours; luckily for me the service on Korean Airlines almost made me forget that I was on a 10 hour+ leg."
"1671" "I recently made my first flight with Korean Air. Flying from Toronto to Kuala Kumpur via Seoul¨s Incheon airport. Chose Prestige Class onboard a new Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Seating was amazing and staff were extremely friendly and professional. Food was of a very high standard・"
"1672" "Have flown with this airline 12 times London to Auckland as it is one of the shortest flight times outward and coming back you lay over in a hotel in Incheon Seoul until flying out the next day thus avoiding jet lag. Service always excellent."
"1673" "Quick onwards connections, Seoul airport has good signage and facilities, the split between two legs (8 hours to Seoul and further 12 odd hours makes both flights bearable."
"1674" "Very comfortable with a little more leg room than I have had with other airlines.  Short 1.5 hour stop over and whole trip was less than 24 hours in the air.  My wife advised airline of her special diet and she received food which she enjoyed. Would recommend and we will・"
"1675" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1676" "I have flown Korean Air exclusively for 9 years. I have found the service to be second to none. The air stewardess are so polite and helpful nothing is ever to much for them. The service is truly excellence in flight. The planes are generally new and have very good inflight・"
"1677" "A 1 and a half flight with a pretty new Boeing 777-200ER airplane. Nice legroom. Average food. Lovely crew. Reasonable fare. Will flight with them again."
"1678" "Although it makes kind of an unusual routing from China to Thailand, it is well worth it and any reason to fly with Korean Air to me is a good reason. If you add this on-top of the great Incheon Airport, it makes for a top notch most polite experience."
"1679" "this is my 3rd time fly with Korean Air.  service was very good and all stewardess and stewards are very helpful and friendly. if you travelling with partner,  recommended to choose the double seat as it's have an enough space for your leg especially for tall person "
"1680" "We have flown the Seoul to Brisbane route a number of times. We have always had very comfortable seats with plenty of legroom. The food is usually good with a reasonable choice of drinks etc. The inflight entertainment is up-to-date with a good range of movies."
"1681" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1682" "The flight from Hong Kong to Korea was smooth and the service was excellent! The flight prices weren¨t cheap but certainly worth it."
"1683" "My husband and I took Korean Air for our trip to South Korea to visit family for a wedding.  I must say that I was quite impressed with the service, although the line up to send the suitcases were rediculous.  They could implement faster service.  This goes both ways , when we・"
"1684" "If your destination is Seoul, I would definitely recommend Korean air to you. Comfortable seats with delicious in-flight meal and entertainment. Not to forget the ice-cream! The best part of the journey!"
"1685" "Perfect timings for as as both day flights, with free stopover in Seoul with free transfers, meals etc. Awesome value for $1200 AUD. No jetlag whatsoever for either of us, compared to our last Europe trip. Order a special meal and get served first! Free extras in-flight, good・"
"1686" "I have flown 5 round trips consequetively between the US and Chiang Mai. The flights are always on time and the service is very good.They have cut back on the snacks offered between meals (only one now), but even so find the meals are filling enough to make up for it. The movies・"
"1687" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1688" "Very good flight. Pre-ordered food and it was excellent. Helpful crew members. Seats on exit were comfortable."
"1689" "I've taken several different flights to US and to other Asian countries, and I must say that I have never encountered such polite and attentive flight attendants as the ones in Korean Air. There are several airlines with flight attendants who makes you feel less important just・"
"1690" "Korean Air's airport staff are friendly and efficient.  I've never had anything to complain about.  Korean  Air's 777-300ER seats 3-3-3 which are comfortable.  My recent flight was very busy but the center seat was empty which gives a bit of extra hip room.  Spit spot clean・"
"1691" "I usually fly Etihad or Emirates to go to UAE, Beirut etc.. this time i paid for Korean air since I live in korea and wanted to see what is this airline made of  1-at Dubai Airport -web-checkin not allowed for non koreans so no lounge access since i was coming from Beirut had a・"
"1692" "First time to take Korean Air and it was a good experience. They providegood services and food choices. The air craft is new and the seat is comfortable. It is enjoyable to see the beautiful stewardess moving around and their voices sounds great."
"1693" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1694" "I have now flown a number of times with Korean. I chose them initially because, although the flight leaves Sydney at 7:45 am, it arrives early evening in Seoul. Passengers are then whisked away to the nearby Hyatt Regency Hotel to spend an included night before being returned to・"
"1695" "First time flying Korean Air from Singapore to Seoul for a family trip. Nothing but positives. Staffs were meticulous and patient, also not forgetting the in-flight entertainment which are filled with up to date music and movies."
"1696" "very pleasant and comfortable flight. The meals were good. the flight attendants were very polite and they did their duty well."
"1697" "- Cabin attendances are pretty friendly and look professional and charming. - Great on-seat service. There are many kinds of wine/spirits/beverages to choose and meal are good for me ( I expect more but in the common average of airline foods, Its quite enough). - Don't need to・"
"1698" "Service was great but food was so so. Beef meals always taste better. if you don't like any of the main meals then ask for more of the desserts and entree. They usually taste better."
"1699" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1700" "It was awesome flight to Ho Chi Minh with Korean Air Line. In flight service was excellent with nice food. Flight was on time as schedule. 5.5 hrs felt little bit short."
"1701" "I really like this airline since they are so inexpensive specially when you book a few months before.  The foods are great. I really like the bibimbap. The attendants are really accommodating, ambiance is good and I really did not notice I flew for more than 15 hours."
"1702" "The plane was in a very good state, really nice PTVs although not the best selection of movies. The food was really nice and the crew was really friendly."
"1703" "From check-in through arrival in Atlanta, Korean Air delivered top notch service!  Check-in was efficient and fast and I was provided with information and detail not customarily provided.  Boarding was smooth and on-time.  Aircraft was spotless and well maintained appearing to・"
"1704" "Although the flight was extremely long the crew on Korean Airlines was very professional and did their very best to make our flight as comfortable as possible. The service was always prompt and friendly. The food was good and we had more choices to select from than I thought we・"
"1705" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1706" "I loved it! The in-flight program had lots of interesting music and movies. The flight felt too short..."
"1707" "We flew from San Francisco to Hanoi by way of Seoul, South Korean, on Korean Air.  Because it was such a long flight, we decided to splurge on business class, and it was worth the price.  An easy check-in and passes to a club room to wait for the first flight; comfortable seats・"
"1708" "Great Airline, good service. Smooth flight experience.   No Problems, good food. Friendly and helpful flight crew."
"1709" "Very good flight . Takeoff on time .cabin service very friendly and professional. Few choices of food which was ok .seat comfortable. The only thing I couldn¨t understand , although there were free seats at the business class section , and I wanted to upgrade the flight against・"
"1710" "Layout of this plane provided the most legroom and space I've had on any flight in a very long time, although the seats were not the most comfortable.  I always find it disappointing when they seat 3 people together and then have an empty row in front!  Unfortunately someone・"
"1711" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1712" "Travelled with my grandmother who needed wheelchair assistance. They were quick and kind and very patient with us the entire flight from MNL to Incheon to LAX."
"1713" "The staff were very attentive, even brought us ear plugs in case the child 2 seats away would bother us. There was a , good selection of movies and the screen was decent size so you can actually watch the movie without straining your eyes. This was a 13 hour flight so I am glad・"
"1714" "Korean Air is a good airlines and the flight attendants are always pleasant (more so than the equivalent US carriers. Food it good. Flights are almost always to capacity. Seats seems to recline slightly more than US domestic flights. As 14 hour flights go, it is a good flight・"
"1715" "We were so pleasantly surprised on our round trip segments to and from Seoul.  The seats in Economy are nicely spaced and seem wider than normal.  The flight attendants were extremely helpful, friendly, efficient, well dressed and professional.  What a difference from our・"
"1716" "Leaving aside the fact I do not like airline food, this was a very pleasant flight. Excellent attention from crew, comfortable seating, accessories supplied when seated so as not to disturb other passengers later. With the event of destroyed luggage the Korean Air ground team at・"
"1717" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1718" "We got a great deal with Korean, where we paid the same for business class as other airlines were charging for premium economy. The service was second to none. The food was excellent. We normally find flying a bit of a chore but we thoroughly enjoyed these flights.  One of the・"
"1719" "Flew on a Boeing 777. Better seat spacing than domestic flights I have taken lately- I am overweight and a domestic flight tray table will touch my shirt front, but here I had a good 3 inches. Flight attendants are without exception beautiful, apparently a hiring requirement.・"
"1720" "I first flew from Toronto ( Canada) to Seoul and then to Phnom Penh. On the flight from Seoul to Phnom Penh, I was the last one to be served a meal on the airplane. The flight attendant apologized because she had no more chicken and could offer only the choice between beef and・"
"1721" "For the past 5 years I have been using Korean Air for my vacation flights from New York to Manila, Philippines.  Aircraft used on these daily flights is either a Boeing 747  or  an Airbus A 380, the biggest plane in the sky.  Upon boarding the plane appears very clean and・"
"1722" "I was hesitant booking an airline I wasn¨t familiar with, but my long international flight was great.  The flight attendants were excellent and spoke English.  The gave out disposable slippers which was awesome. The food was decent and had a few options to choose from.  Would・"
"1723" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1724" "The service was excellent.  The staff very pleasant.  Seating very comfortable. Lots of leg room.  The meals were interesting.  We were given the choice of western or Asian meals."
"1725" "This is not the first time I have flown long distance with Korean Air. What an excellent client service...Polite all of them and helpful and good English as well...planes always clean and look brand new. Food is good for economy class and they will bring you whatever you want if・"
"1726" "This flight was like a 16 hour toucher chamber. a full flight and they like ti keep the seatbelt sign on even when there is no turbulence just to keep you in your seat. Flight Attendants were rude. I asked to use the bathroom when seatbelt sign was on but no turbulence and was・"
"1727" "Korean Airlines is one of the better airline flying internationally we have flown  that many times and service was very good very professional.  planes are clean usually although they have from Las Vegas international flight had a plane that seem to be a little old could use an・"
"1728" "This is the third time we have traveled on Korean Air and have always  had wonderful service and on time flights.  We are planning another trip and will book again with Korean Air."
"1729" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1730" "Excellent airline!  My wife and I  travelled to Seoul for our daughter's wedding.  The flight, accomodations, food and tv were great.  On time, 13 hours there and 12 hours back home.  First rate service and flight!"
"1731" "My wife and I went on a backpacking trip across SE Asia and our adventure started off perfectly with this airline. All staff were very friendly and could speak English, the food was great, and the drinks were plenty. Continuously they walked around with bottles of red and white・"
"1732" "More leg room;  Top notch Customer service;  Flight Attendants were truly in uniformity including same hair style,  earrings, and watch. We were provided slippers and a toothbrush before departure. They were so attentive to our needs.  Assisted me on the plane because I needed・"
"1733" "My wife and I flew four segments on KAL, including round trip LAX to ICN on the A380.  This airline is one of few where economy seats have not had extra inches squeezed  out of them.  The seats were reasonably spacious, reclined, but felt a little hard on the derriere towards・"
"1734" "We were well treated, the food good and we had nice wine and ample leg room.  There were no problems at all and all connections were well executed and timely. I would use Korean Air again"
"1735" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1736" "There was plenty of leg room and to put our carry-on in the overhead bins. The staff were friendly and helpful. The bathrooms were kept exceptionally clean.(I think they cleaned up after each use!) They provided slippers, blankets, sleep masks, etc., etc. The food was better・"
"1737" "We flew from Seoul Incheon into Shenzhen airport.  it was about a 3 hour flight and 1 hour time change but the flight, aircraft and service was terrific.  The food was good and lay flat seats were very comfortable."
"1738" "The space between the seats was wide because this airplane is a large one.  The service was excellent & the movie selection was fine."
"1739" "Flying with Asia affiliated airlines is always a very satisfying experience for me and my family.The plane is very well kept, smells very nice, food and in-flight entertainment are really up to the far.   The legroom is very comfortable even for peopleover 6 ft and you don't・"
"1740" "Good service, polite crew, leg room above average  Poor selection of movies for such a long flight. I would use it again and I do recommend it."
"1741" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1742" "Flight attendants were attentive! They did their best to make passengers comfortable. Restrooms were kept clean and stocked during the entire flight."
"1743" "The flight was average. Korean Air uses to different models of  seats configuration in the Boeing 777. The model that I went to Auckland with ensured that each seat had access  to the aisle without interrupting anyone; will the one on the return trip did not. The food choice was・"
"1744" "This was a trip to visit family in Thailand.  The service was excellent!  I am a vegetarian and the meal options were very good.Seating was adequate, although I would consider business class next time for such a long flight."
"1745" "Korean Air is one of the best Asian carriers - more let room (pitch) and accommodating and sincere service.  A little bit disorganized at times,  and can be inflexible,  but if travelling to Korea or Japan it's the only way to go"
"1746" "As a frequent flyer of KAL, this is my favorite airline to fly to Seoul. I often fly economy class which has lots of leg room.  However, I've accrued miles over the years to fly \"Prestige Class\" aka - business class 'several times' & always had excellent service.  I'm also a・"
"1747" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1748" "We always use KAL when we travel to hawaii.I feel safe.the staff is nice and helpful.the food and snacks are good.have toiletries too.the toilets they always keep it clean.have tv monitors on every seat other airlines disentanglement have.thanks a lot KAL."
"1749" "My only complaint was one of the planes in the sequence was cold - cold enough that I felt bad for the flight attendant who was holding a small hot water bottle and showing obvious signs of stress of being cold.  At least the passengers had blankies.  I am tall, I wish they・"
"1750" "Service is kind, prompt, and attentive, legroom is roomier than on many other airlines, entertainment system is very encompassing and their choice of movies is large, the plane is clean, and the food is yummy."
"1751" "Excellent service, comfortable seats, good earphones. Overall, a very enjoyable flight. The food selection was very good, although I wish they had a few more western choices. Maybe cereal for breakfast and a selection of well made sandwiches."
"1752" "Because we were facing a very long flight which took of late in the day with a five hour connecting flight in Seoul Korea I decided to break it up over two days staying overnight in a hotel and having the same connection flight  73 the next day , This was the best decision I・"
"1753" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1754" "It was the first time flying business class so an all new experience. Being among the first to board with no line up is nice. Have a foot section that elevated made it like sitting at home. Stretching out to sleep during the 24 hours of flying was worth the extra cost. Meals・"
"1755" "Maybe I had high expectations given their crisp and modern ads. Me and my husband have been to Seoul where we had excellent food and good service. No surprise we were expecting excellent service and great food when we booked Korean Air flights to and from Vietnam.  Food was・"
"1756" "Great rep but barely average.  Sure, all the flight attendants are thin, pretty and about 25, but it ends there.   Seat cushions are very hard.  Entertainment screens are very small.  Food service nothing to crow about.   If part of a Delta flight, it is a headache.  Can¨t check・"
"1757" "I flew on 4 different aircraft, two 777s, a 747 and an airbus. Three of these planes were old and worn out. The seat was so uncomfortable I bought a pillow to seat on for the return flight. It was a life saver. The food on the plane was terrible. The lounge in San Francisco and・"
"1758" "My first time travelling with Korean Air. Overall experience was average. One plus point is that besides your main meal, KE also served snack. However, do note that the check- in baggage limit. One check-in baggage (max 23kg) per person. "
"1759" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1760" "We do fly with Korean Air when their fares are on par with others, I like their service on board, their pilots seemed very good at giving a comfortable fly to people and their food very decent,not great but ok...also a very good selection of movies on their selection , which is・"
"1761" "I have travelled Korean Air by Business Class as well in December 2014.  It was terrific.  But there First Class is really something to write home about."
"1762" "Every experience I've had with Korean has been exceptional--and I have felt taken care of from the moment we checked in.  They really showed their true colors in the past few days when my flight out of Denpasar, Bali was canceled due to the volcano erupting, I expected the・"
"1763" "From check in at Dulles Airport, layover in Incheon International Airport to arrival in Ninoy Aquino International Airport, smooth flawless operation. Staff very friendly and helpful. Great choices in food and best of all, wine is offered with meals."
"1764" "2 hour flight from Nagoya to Seoul, on board a A330.   Nice aircraft, comfortable seats, and a good entertainment system.  The thing that lessened the experience for my wife and I was the ｀rude¨ flight attendants.   After subsequently staying in Seoul for a few days, we now know・"
"1765" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1766" "We have been going to Bangkok,Thailand every other years for the past 20  years and had flown diff. airlines. On November 6 my families of 9 and 2 of our best friend flew The Korean airline for the first time. The Korean Airline is the best from all functions. Service, Food and・"
"1767" "I was quite surprised the great service experience KAL, the leg space is pretty good compared with other European airlines such as KLM or Air France The food is very good and offer beverages constantly. But the best part is the flight crew, very kind and helpfull and I must add・"
"1768" "We had such a good experience with our Korean Air flights. We flew from Phnom Penh to Seoul then from Seoul to Minneapolis MN. Both flights were comfortable with plenty of leg room. The food and beverages were free of charge. Blankets, pillows, headphones were readily available・"
"1769" "Terrible mistakes of reckless air attendant  completely ruined my tour. I have never seen any air attendant as reckless as the KAL air attendant.  There were 3 points what  KAL services did not meet passengers' needs at all. (1) An Air attendance was totally reckless and poured・"
"1770" "The first time on Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Spacious. Smart entertainment system. The most impressive feature was the passengers able to control the  visibility to their liking,reducing cabin glare while maintaining a view to the outside world. Friendly and attentive FA. Served・"
"1771" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1772" "Had to make a hop on my way from Bangkok to Detroit. Great little flight. Great staff. Very neat and clean flight. Very orderly boarding and good service. Not much in food or drinks. Pretty basic service.  Roomy seats in Basic economy. Orderly boarding. Platinum Delta Sky miles・"
"1773" "Korean has a reputation for steady and good quality service. It was exactly that. The flight is quiet and uneventful. The food service is minimal. Basically a snack. I am a Platinum Delta Skymiles member but that does not mean much on Korean. Thankful that I still got miles. The・"
"1774" "The flight was good, the food was very good, the staff were great and very helpful. The only complaint is the seats were not all that comfortable and  sitting for almost 14 hours the seats need to be better."
"1775" "I took a 13 hour flight from Washington DC to Seoul, South Korea, then another 6 hour flight to Bangkok Thailand.   This was my first time flying with Korean Air and my overall experience was enjoyable...at least as enjoyable as it can get with a 24 hour travel time.   I'm 5'5・"
"1776" "Sue overbooking in Air France, they reschedule my flight with Korean Air lines, really was very good, space, seat, attention of Korean Staff, also helping in Seoul for tranfer"
"1777" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1778" "I¨m a sky club member and I always fly Korean Air when I visit Korea. Their service is top notch and flight attendants are very kind and helpful. The service is not compared any other airlines I¨ve flown. The food, in flight entertainment, service and most importantly legroom is・"
"1779" "On my flight to Incheon I flew with Air France and on my return with Korea Air. And on this specific flight with the A380.  The moment that I boarded the plane I was welcomed by the lovely flight staff and was guided to my seat. The purser welcomed me on board.   The food・"
"1780" "In these days of airlines trying to squeeze as many seats as possible in their planes, KAL economy seemed to provide more leg room.   The Korean and Western meal options was good. The crew on both flights of my return trip were well presented, efficient and courteous.  I really・"
"1781" "Recently I travelld to Jeju, South Korea from New Delhi. This was my second trip, last time i travelled through southern chilna airlines and this time through Korean airlines and this flight was very special. The staff was very supported, humble and food was very delicious. Once・"
"1782" "Great service, friendly cabin crew. Finally a long haul flight with some decent leg room!  Traditional Korean dish bibimbap recommended.  Will definitely chose this airline again."
"1783" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1784" "Getting the overnight hotel in Seoul included in your ticket (free, just need to organise it) really breaks up getting from Australia to Europe so you arrive on holidays refreshed and don't lose any time managing jetlag.  Travelling with Qantas, Emirates etc involves 14hr+・"
"1785" "I have been flying this airline for the past seven years, mostly in Economy and once in Business class. Every time I had very good experience. This route I will not fly any other airline."
"1786" "Friendly staff.  Very courteous and helpful. Flights on time and transit service was very good too. I love their wine selection.   "
"1787" "This is a Boeing 777-300.  Our departure and arrival were on time.  Airport staff and on board flight attendants were efficient, friendly and accommodating.  It is a pleasure to interact with them. They have a warm attitude toward customers.  One meal service on this 5 1/2 hour・"
"1788" "This is an Airbus A-380.  Our departure from JFK was on time and our arrival was ahead of schedule.  The service from airport staff to onboard flight attendants was superb.  This is a 14 hour flight and everything was done to make it an enjoyable and comfortable flight.  There・"
"1789" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1790" "I was supposed to fly Asiana for the entire trip but the connecting flight of Korean Air from Qingdao to Busan was more realistic (talking about my meetings & flying out to Busan). Attendants were friendly. Since I pretty much had a hectic schedule, I skipped the in-flight meal・"
"1791" "I had a pretty disappointing customer service experience with Korean Air. During the 13-hour leg of my Asia-USA flight I started feeling sick. I quickly looked for a barf bag in the seat pocket but there was nothing. I ended up vomiting all over myself. The flight attendant・"
"1792" "Always great staff at the airport, cannot say enough about their professional approach to helping us weary travelers! Same for the outstanding people who due tireless work during the flight to make it as enjoyable as possible. We have flown numerous round-trip flights on this・"
"1793" "My partner (6'1\") and I recently flew to London from Sydney via Incheon in September 2017, mainly because the ticket price, which was quite comparable to other airlines' offers if not better, also included a complimentary overnight stay at a hotel.  (STPC -Stopover Paid by・"
"1794" "I've flown Korean Air in the past and found it a great airline. This time - and I realise the tensions going on in Korea are high - but I just thought - go for it. The staff couldn't have been more accommodating and helpful. I phoned back a few times with items I'd forgotten to・"
"1795" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1796" "The water they give is mouth wash cup size. food is average, flight attendants are nice, they collect the trays 5-10 minutes after serving which gives us the pressure to just waste our food and stay hungry because we arent done eating yet. I didnt want to get up and disturb the・"
"1797" "One of the biggest seat sizes in economy in width and pitch. Amazing meals, full drink service, brand new planes, 5 star hotel accomodation on stop overs. Don't know how they aren't considered the best. Plus they were cheaper by $300 per person than any other airline for the・"
"1798" "Took this flight on Oct. 22 for the second time in two weeks. Would advise to do the online check in because for what ever reason many passengers are taking allot of boxes and it adds up to more time at check in...maybe 45-55 mins. Took 5 mins today with the online check in. The・"
"1799" "Usual high standards for Korean Air.  Plane (A330-300) was a bit older and less comfortable than 777 or Dreamliner, but still OK.  Service was superb.  Food quite acceptable for economy class although I wasn't impressed with the wine.  Flight arrived on time in Bangkok!"
"1800" "Upon arriving in Seattle, we learned out scheduled flight on ANA to Tokyo was delayed by 7 hours.  Luckily, thanks to very efficient and pleasant staff of both ANA and Korean, we were rerouted to Seoul on Korean Air.  Check-in and boarding were smooth and the new 777-300 was・"
"1801" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1802" "Flying with this company is simply the best  Service food rooms for the lags it¨s a very long flight so  they look after every one on the flight  Running on time useing the latest airplane  In one word  SIMPLY THE BEST "
"1803" "Korean Air offer a world-class service considerably cheaper than many other airlines. Online booking is straightforward, although our flight times were changed slightly a couple of times between booking and departure, for the better, I should add. In flight, staff were very・"
"1804" "I was on a flight from New York JFK to Seoul Incheon on a business class. Following is my observation that I can no longer recommend business travelers in Korean Air. I was on A380 aircarft; 1. There is no in flight wi-fi service. During some 14 hour flight, I was totally・"
"1805" "The flight over pacific was as awesome it can be... more dense clouds. All possible comfort was provided by the airlines. Seoul to SFO was over 10 hours... the seats were pretty comfortable. Seems best connectivity from Asia to US if not opting for middle eastern airlines or・"
"1806" "I recently had the pleasure of flying with Korean Air from NY to Hong Kong via Incheon. This is my second time flying with them, fortunately both occasions flying in the first class cabin. The overall experience was very good. Service was attentive but not obtrusive and the food・"
"1807" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1808" "Had two return flights from once from Sydney to Washington and again from Sydney to Vancouver. Very cofortable seats and fabulous service with a smile all the time"
"1809" "I don't understand it but how is Korean air not in top 5 best airline? I flew with Cathay Pacific last year and they are number 4 in the world and I don't  think their service nor friendliness of staff is anywhere close to Korean's. I even paid 100 USD more just to fly with・"
"1810" "What wonderful friendly service from the Korean AIr flight attendants. They always had a smile on their faces. The plane was comfortable and the FOOD, the food was delicious and healthy. I would gladly pay more to fly with them again"
"1811" "First time on Korean Air and the service was EXCELLENT!  Food was great, drink offer was never ending.  Usually you're served a drink and you're lucky to get a refill without asking.  The flight attendants kept coming around offering to refill your drinks.    Korea praises milk.・"
"1812" "Two tumbs up for korean air. Excellent service and good leg room. Friendly and fast staff. Descent food to be on an airplane and extra cup ramen if asked for. Would definitivtly fly with them everytime if possible. "
"1813" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1814" "A wonderfully friendly airlines with a selection of both Korean and western food. An added advantage when flying from Australia to England is the free night stopover in Incheon. I have flown with this airline many times and each free stop over is at a top class hotel and the・"
"1815" "More than 25 yrs of flight experience with Korean Air, I never was disappointed.  For personal occasions, business related, I get to choose from many different airlines and still my favorite selection is Korean Air.   1. plenty of leg room  2. always newly updated entertainment・"
"1816" "Book and upgraded to business class because the scheduled plane was suppose to be the 747-8. I was looking forward to flying this aircraft but the plane got changed to the airbus 777, which I have flown on before. So that was a big let down.   The food and service were up to・"
"1817" "Just flew the Airbus 380.  Great service.  Flight attendants could not be nicer. They actually care about you.  Put all US airlines to shame.  "
"1818" "This is an Airbus A 380-300 aircraft.  As with all large aircraft with close to 500 passengers, try to book a seat closer to the front for quicker deplaning.  For economy seating, the Korean A380 has comfortable seats.  This is important as it is a 13-14 hour flight.  The leg・"
"1819" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1820" "This is a Boeing 747-400 aircraft.  The departure and arrival was on time.  Some turbulence over the South China Sea, which is common.  The flight crew were very courteous and helpful.  They seem to carry out their service in a calm and professional manner.  The aircraft is・"
"1821" "Flew with Korean Air twice, I would say service good but not best. It is cheaper than most airlines I fly with and they gave me complimentary transit hotel stay which was good for long lay overs. Staff are great however, smiling whenever you ask them for something. Seats and leg・"
"1822" "Seats are not as cramped as I expected. Everything was clean and no major dirty areas spotted. Staff very pleasant and personable. They spoke in a nice tone and worked around in an unhurried manner. Some air stewardesses on other airlines do at times speak overly loud or they・"
"1823" "Great long-distance experience - comfortable seats and great choice of food and bevereages even in econom. Hospitable flight attendants - ready to help and appearing in a second as you press the button. Highly reccomended for travellers."
"1824" "This was my first time taking the Shanghai to SFO route on Korean Air and I was very happy with the service and overall quality of the flight. Food is not bad and the seats and legroom were fine (I'm over 6 feet tall). Slippers, bottled water, pillow and blanket were already・"
"1825" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1826" "The jumbo 747 8 provide a lovely legroom, however, the cabin is hot and stuffy. As this is a red eye flight, I found it hard to get asleep. The IFE was quite disappointing, nearly nothing to watch. The catering is traditional bibimbap, which is quite good. The flight attendants・"
"1827" "I love Korean Air. I booked Korean Air flight to return to Vietnam from my summer camp in the U.S. It was amazing. It was on time, which was the best thing in the world for me. Secondly, the flight attendants were friendly and awesome. There were Vietnamese flight attendants・"
"1828" "I flew from Singapore to Incheon. Flight was pleasant overall but a lack of service. I did not enjoy the 3-3-3 seating either though legroom was ok. We were served the meal as soon as the seatbelt sign was off but I would prefer it to be breakfast instead of supper. As soon as・"
"1829" "When I am flying to Seoul, I depart out of Los Angles International Airport (LAX) so I can fly in the A380 airbus.   Lay flat seats in business class, quitter engines, good air circulation system, mood lighting, and a lounge in the back on the plane. It is nice to get out of・"
"1830" "Best service to Asia hands down! The planes are huge and spacious. Food was great. Prices are reasonable. Service is alway amazing."
"1831" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1832" "Visited Seoul for work and return flight is booked with Korean Air, being a Indian bit apprehensive regarding food. I have booked Indian veg food and out of my surprise it was among best chole-bhature ever I had. Cabin crew was quite courteous and king enough to ask for feed・"
"1833" "Flown on Korean Airlines twice, and will attempt to include a stop over in Seoul, Korea for any of our family travels to Asia, just to fly with this airline.   Food is EXCELLENT, Service is EXCELLENT.  One of the best airlines for overall quality that we have flown with."
"1834" "Most important - the distance between rows allow good space for legs. All other are aspects such as service, food and entertainment, are also fine."
"1835" "little expensive than LCC but it's clean and comfortable.  Staffs were friendly and nice. One of the best airlines I ever used."
"1836" "I love this airline, I live in China and have been flying them regularly back and forth from Asia to The States. They're not always the cheapest option (but not the most expensive) but the service and professionalism is great. The food is good, the in flight service is good,・"
"1837" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1838" "OK, but probably would not fly again.  We booked the tickets because they were approx $400 cheaper than Emirates per ticket and thought this was a good saving (put the savings towards better accommodation).  Flew Sydney-Seoul-Zurich and London-Seoul-Sydney.  Flight attendants・"
"1839" "I'd heard disappointing accounts from friends about this airline but I was very impressed. The service was very good, the on-board food was good and the entertainment system was excellent with new release films. I flew with Korean Air again to Hong Kong and it was just as・"
"1840" "We flew from Detroit to Seoul on Korean Air. It was a long 13 hour plus flight, however the economy seats were comfortable (as comfortable as economy can be) and we were fed three times during the flight. Drinks were offered, both non alcoholic and alcoholic and the crew was・"
"1841" "One of my favorite airline. Comfotable, nice food, super friendly and professional staff. The seats are big with enough leg space. Highly recommended!"
"1842" "Having travelled with a number of airlines in business class, I was fearing the worst having paid 50% of the price that I would have with the top named airlines, however I was pleasantly surprised by the level of comfort and attentiveness of the crew.  The complimentary・"
"1843" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1844" "My flight back from Busan (PUS) to Tokyo (NRT) with Korean Airlines (KE) was on a 737-900, and I was seated in economy.   PUS being a relatively small airport, the check-in and baggage dropoff was quick. Boarding was also in an orderly manner and efficient. I took seat 56D, an・"
"1845" "I earned more than 25,000 Skypass miles on Korean Air. Korean Air is one of the few airlines that considers HA and Alaska to be in the US for frequent flier miles. I tried to use them for a round trip to Hawaii. I was totally flexible about dates and using any of the three・"
"1846" "I flew from Tokyo (NRT) to Busan (PUS) on Korean Airlines. The aircraft was a 737-900, and I was seated in economy.   I checked in using one of their check-in machines at NRT, and the luggage dropoff was also via a cool automated machine. Everything went smooth, and I was・"
"1847" "We flew from Sydney to Vancouver return via Incheon Airport with one night stay at an airport hotel (free shuttle) both ways to break up the long flight. We were amazed at how comfortable it was - we choose a 2 seat row at the back and found plenty of leg room. My husband・"
"1848" "First time flying with Korean Air. The seats were comfortable with plenty of room! Staff was gracious and efficient. I ordered the Korean food and watched the Korean woman next to me to see how she fixed it.  It was really good. No problem with luggage.  I would fly with them・"
"1849" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1850" "Long Flights are difficult for people like us who fly Economy. We were flying to Brisbane, Australia with a stopover in Seoul. We love to fly Korean Air because the plane is clean, there is just a tiny bit more space than in other airlines, the food is good and the restrooms are・"
"1851" "I took Korean Air to travel to Las Vegas as they have direct flight from Seoul and I wanted to avoid domestic flight in the US. It was a good flight. The legroom is great compare to some other airlines that I have tried previously. Their flight attendants were great also. The・"
"1852" "Initially, i was skeptic about taking it... but eventually it turned out one of the finest...  the good things - 1) the service was quick once boarded 2) The food was fresh,they had good option of Vegetarian meal 3) friendly crew 4) comfortable seats 5) Incheon airport has loads・"
"1853" "I have to thank Nafisa Khan who is very professional and helping me and my husband since we both need wheelchair assistance in all our flights. Thanks again for your great assistance. Lyrma Soledad"
"1854" "This was an excellent flight. The 3rd and final leg of a 33 hour journey was the best. Flight attendants were great, friendly and very helpful . In flight entertainment was good; Leg room was excellent for a tall bloke like me."
"1855" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1856" "One of the best airlines I've  taken to the Philippines. Flight was very roomy. Better than others I've taken. I would definitely fly with them again."
"1857" "The flight was long with a short stop in Incheon.  Staff is great, very attentive to passengers and helpful.  We had ordered special food and the airline followed thru during all the legs of the flight going and returning."
"1858" "I could not understand how you could create a child meal for a 21 months old baby that contained a hamburger that is as big as your hand, deep pan pizza, pasta, chocolate milk, brownies, M&Ms among other things. It completely baffled me as one, my baby does not eat those things・"
"1859" "Korean air is an amazing airline, the flight is so long they do a great job of making you comfortable. I would recommend! "
"1860" "Clean, comfortable plane which really matters on a long haul 11 hour flight. Lots of extras such as slippers, toothbrush, pillow and blanket. Food good they tried to cater for everyone. Staff really friendly and pleasant. Take-off and landing really smooth. Flight pleasant. I・"
"1861" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1862" "My kids were flying with Korean Air from Canada to Russia via Incheon and back. The service was amazing! (Just call the airline to book a ticket and service, that way everything will be done faster and easier). The kids (or adults requiring help) are taken from the airline・"
"1863" "I travel to New Zealand every year, and use a variety of airlines. I must say, Korean Air were one on the most pleasant to fly with. The cabin crew were very good, attentive, and one had the feeling they were genuinely pleased to see me. Food was superb, and the added bonus of・"
"1864" "the bee-bim bop was top-notch! It was very comfy. They fed u a lot. I mostly slept during the trip, so I kinda missed out, but I have a hard time sleeping on planes, so this was a great moment."
"1865" "Nothing to say: one of the best airlines I ever used. Clean aircraft, personnel very nice. It doesn't reach the top evaluation for food. Food normally is not good in a flight, but, even if there is something not Korean style, the dish was however too spicy.  "
"1866" "Excellent flight. Sitting at 9A. New business class with staggered seat arrangements, so even person at window can get direct access to the aisle. Beats having to climb over another person to go lavatory in middle of night. Nice food and good service.  Only disappointment is no・"
"1867" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1868" "Never flown with them before, and the only reason we did was that they were about $7000 cheaper than Canadian, which does not get the best reviews online.  Pleasantly surprised with the truly lovely service, superb food, the beef out of Brisbane cooked to order and very・"
"1869" "Consistently good, layover always terrific option, very few movie options, not updated very regularly."
"1870" "Flight was full and loaded and left 10 min late.  Staff were friendly but in very much of a hurry.  No chance of a second coffee.  Meals were bare min for a full service airline and cabin tempature was freezing.  Entertainment choice was minimal "
"1871" "It was very good travel with Korean Air. Foods was good to me, then I think it can be acceptable not only korean but also others. The plane was Boeing 787, and Korean Air can pre-assign seats through the app (iphone or android). Most of the passengers are Korean, but the crew・"
"1872" "Went from Chicago to Manila. It was a long flight but there was movies and food. The staff was nice and friendly. I would fly with them again."
"1873" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1874" "We, a family of four flew from Sydney to London via Incheon. Every moment of this trip was a pleasure. Korean offers one of the widest economy seats in the market with no under seat box to block your feet. I am over six foot and even when the seat in front was reclined my knees・"
"1875" "I noticed on my ticket that this is the 14th time I've flown Korean Air to Asia, so I have some experience on which to base an opinion.   All these flights have been economy except for this latest, which was a heavenly business class ticket.  If you can afford it, get the・"
"1876" "Korean Air (KE) operates several flights a day from Hong Kong (HKG) to Seoul-Incheon. All flights are on widebody planes, but the J class product may vary according to plane type.   I recently flew KE on the above route, Prestige Class, in the Prestige Sleeper. The seat is・"
"1877" "I was marked SSSS selectee in Mnl by Korean Air counter agent because I'm American.  She didn't know I'm a retired DHS /TSA EMPLOYEE disable on the job.  I called to complaint and found all numbers led to call centers.  No oversight or accountability"
"1878" "I have made the trip to Thailand maybe 20 times over the last 12 years, Korean air is my favorite to fly with now. Planes are clean, modern and the staff are lovely and very friendly and polite to passengers. I have flown on other airlines, mainly US based and the crew are there・"
"1879" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1880" "It's a 2 h 20 mins flight, which is exactly the same as Singapore-Bangkok (I'm a frequent traveller on this route). As for Korean Air service to Tokyo, the legroom is terrible - just as bad as on those low cost carriers (had I known that, I'd book and emergency exit row), no・"
"1881" "I was surprised that the business class seating was changed on the flight from Seoul to Kuala Lumpur. The seats are now more spacious. Also one is getting a lot more privacy. Leg room has improved.  The good thing is that the one sitting on the window seat no longer has to・"
"1882" "When I first entered the Airplane i didn't have many expectations, because the only thing i needed was a comfortable chair and a well working TV but soon as i sat down my whole mind started to change. The good air conditioning, fabulous service and much more.  So i reccommend・"
"1883" "On any flight over 8 -10 hours if Korean Air has that route, it is the only carrier I would ever suggest you choose. We dreaded the tedious hours ahead on a tour to the East but Korean Air made it sooo much better. I would even go so far as to say their economy class is equal・"
"1884" "Business class of korean airline is called prestige class. The food was very good. The seat was very comfortable and reclined well."
"1885" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1886" "This was my first time flying Korean Air. Overall it was a great flight.   The food was actually quite delicious (Korean Bibimbap for dinner, pasta and literally the best carrot cake I've ever had for breakfast): warm, not soggy, and good flavor, although the bread was a bit・"
"1887" "They give you plenty to eat on KAL. Always try to choose the shortest duration flights, like under 24 hours. You can save money (a couple hundred $$) on 30+ hours flights on other airlines, but that extra six hours or more can really spoil the trip while you wait around air・"
"1888" "I have had two friends visiting me here in Thailand, one had a medical problem and needed to change his return flight from a month away to the next day, no charge. The other had an accident and had to move his flight from two days away to two weeks away, no charge. I have・"
"1889" "I was trying Korean Air based on the reviews  but was met with problems from the constant  online check in error message which to long line at the airport and a counter agent whom made me a ＾SSSS￣ selectee because I was American, not knowing I was a retired DHS agent."
"1890" "Korean Air is always on time, never fails to their customers and quality is good. The food was good (to be from an airplane), the variety of TV shows and movies was great and the staff is very kind and willing to help you. I highly recommend this airline."
"1891" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1892" "Aircraft was brand new one with ample leg room and efficient electronic facilities for entertainment and information. Furthermore, I enjoyed a unique Korean food of \"Bibimbab (mixture of rice, beef,vegetables,sesame oil and chilly paste)\" and 2 glasses of wine in the sky. After・"
"1893" "The airplane is an old A330-300 but equipped with decent in flight entertainment systems. Food and service were good but honestly there is nothing special to it. Ticket price is competitive so if you are looking for a cheap and comfy flight, I would suggest Korean air."
"1894" "Upgraded my ticket from business class to first class which doubled up the price. But then the first class seats are exactly the same as in business class. Take a look at the photo - Korean Air's first class is not even up to the standards of other airline's business class. One・"
"1895" "I can't say enough good things about this airline.  This is my second time flying Korean Air.   The staff is amazing and always eager to help.  The flying experience is wonderful.  The Airbus was smooth.  They have water, slippers, a blanket waiting for you on long flights.  I・"
"1896" "Last May 2017, I flew KAL from Bangkok to SFO. I normally fly Cathay Pacific as it's shorter route but wanted to fly KAL to do a four day layover in South Korea. I was allowed to do so at no extra cost. And I was pleasantly surprised at the attentive service and how organized・"
"1897" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1898" "Food and drinks are good.  Seat is comfortable with enough legroom.  Service is good too. Except that the pilots seem to be not very good at handling turbulence and takeoff."
"1899" "Love it! The service was good, and the extra leg room is fantastic. The food served was good and we have ample choices of beverage to counter dehydration. The crew are friendly and helpful."
"1900" "I would highly recommend flying with Korean Air if you are travelling from Australia to Europe. Not only are the staff lovely and helpful, and the plane comfortable and clean, but the flight makes an overnight stop in Seoul. Because the stop-over is a long one, the airline puts・"
"1901" "Just 6 hours each way more travel time over direct flights. Cheapest seats we could find. Plenty of leg room I'm 6 ft. good service. Saved well over 1 K for 2 tickets. Rented a car with that. Well worth it as we didn't get shot out of the sky by Kimmy. Would do it again but・"
"1902" "We actually went in 2014, but the travel dates listed didn't go that far back. Korean Air staff were friendly, the airplane was clean, and the flight comfortable. Food could be a tad better (but this was 3 years back). I'd probably fly Korean Air more often but I've been getting・"
"1903" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1904" "We had a 3 hour delay from JFK which is annoying for anyone but it was the attitude of the crew that made the experience worse.  The crew made an announcement in Korean to the customers that said,\"If you don't like the situation, you can get off\".  They did not announce that in・"
"1905" "For those of us old enough to remember when flying US airlines were the measure of success, Korean Air is a reminder of what used to be the norm of international air travel from the USA. Korean Air's Prestige Class is its Business Class. Travelers each get a distinct compartment・"
"1906" "A comfortable ride for a 13 hour flight.  The seat is comfortable.  The food is clean and generous.  The flight attendants were helpful.  If I were to travel again, I would strongly consider Korean Air.   "
"1907" "I have made three round trip flights with Korean Air and every flight has been a good experience.  I would say great, but the 15 hour flight in itself is a killer.  Korean Air service IS great.  Always polite, helpful and engaging.  They have always had three options for meals・"
"1908" "We have flown Korean before, but it is a long way from Brisbane to Dallas. There is a stopover in Seoul for approximately 14 hours. This is paid for by Korean Air out of season, but we had to pay for ours.  We had pre selected our seats onwards to Dallas, but Korean Air changed・"
"1909" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1910" "We have flown with Korean Air for a great many years and compared to the many other airlines we have flown with around the world they are by far the best in our opinion. Their incredibly friendly, helpful and highly professional air and ground personnel ensure that your flight・"
"1911" "Just completed the first leg of our journey, 11 hours from Auckland to Incheon. Lovely staff, good leg room, and ok meals, but quite a long time in between them, with no snacks offered. Overall, very good. Would definitely fly with them again."
"1912" "I go back and forth to Korea at least 12 times a year and I don't bother to purchase from anyone except Korean Air. The staff are great and they go above and beyond and even though I speak Korean they have some staff that speak English and they do a great job all the time. The・"
"1913" "We were in the air 13 hours. The waitresses of the air accosted my husband after TWO screwdrivers in 3 hours asking him loudly if he was drunk! They gave him about a 1/2 of the mini bottles each time so there's no way to even BE drunk. Then lied about having no more vodka. I・"
"1914" "The flight was 14 hours from JFK to Incheon. The seats (economy) are not comfortable for this long travel. The food was great but you have to ask for snacks when you're hungry because they don't automatically give it out like other airlines. The customer service is just okay・"
"1915" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1916" "A380,  good prices and service, seat comfortable, foods and drinks ok. Incheon airport its good place to transit"
"1917" "good and helpful people. checkin minimal wait, same same luggage pickup prompt. seats not generous with legroom similar to many carriers. food adequate but could improve.  USB port and video/audio distractions again adequate and comparable to many airlines. i will definitely use・"
"1918" "Very good service. clean,  comfortable seat. enough legroom, good food, beautiful, friendly  Korean stewardess ."
"1919" "My adult son and I flew them 0n 5/20/17 from Seoul to Bangkok on a Boeing 777-300.  We were on time, had a fine meal service, good entertainment and a smooth safe flight. The flight attendants were helpful and courteous.  Our luggage arrived with our flight after being・"
"1920" "I boarded the A380 in a state as my incoming connection was delayed. The steward picked up on this immediately and provided me with a damp towel and a cold drink. The meals were very good and the in flight entertainment was up to date and the headphones were good quality. Smooth・"
"1921" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1922" "I was wheelchair assisted which went well but when I was vomiting for 6 hours into the flight, I was not offered any assistance. (That was both going and coming home. I had to ask other passengers if I could have their 'sick bags' as the flight attendant brought me 1 and left me・"
"1923" "Overall no to bad . Check in was easy , and the fight was fine. This is my second journey with them and really no complaints ."
"1924" "This flight was supposed to a quick, cheap one. However, when I saw the aircraft, I noticed there was something good. My surprise lasted until the second leg of my quick roundtrip. The con I found was a young man flight attendant that kept repeating to Japanese and Chinese・"
"1925" "The seat was comfortable, food was good, patient stewardesses, smooth takeoff and landing. Therefore I had a great experience overall."
"1926" "We flew to Vietnam Feb of 2016 to start our one month honeymoon. We read some pretty bad reviews on some of the other airlines.  Korean Air is the best airline I have ever flown on! I have been to Europe 6 times with Air Canada, Lufthansa. I have been to USA and Peru. Basically・"
"1927" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1928" "Brilliant service......from the moment I stepped onto the plane. The stop in Korea for refuelling etc was wonderful"
"1929" "The flight was great! The In-flight service was excellent - The Flight crew was kind and efficient, the food was tasty (Watch out of spicy meals! VERY spicy...), and the In-flight Entertainment system was very good as well! Also, Incheon Intl airport is a wonderful place to・"
"1930" "Flew with an a330-200 from Amsterdam to Seoul and it was one of the best economy seats I've flown (after Singapore airlines). Good legroom for economy , seat width is good as the plane is a 2-4-2 configuration. Recline is great. As the seat reclines a little to the front which・"
"1931" "My family and I flew to Korea last month and we were very happy with the service. The flight crew were all kind and helpful. Our child received customized meals and a free drawing kit. There was a good selection of in-flight meals and in-between meals you could get cup noodles・"
"1932" "It was my first flight with Korean Air and I didn't have that high expectation, since usually I would different airlines. At first, I have heard many great reviews from friends about Incheon International airport, how you could take shower and get some sleep and so on during・"
"1933" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1934" "We have flown Korean Air many times & love it! Service fr ground & aboard is great. Courteous staff, nice & clean airplane & most importantly they kept the lavatories clean at all times! We've flown on KA on longer flights (Atlanta to Incheon roundtrip) & they were just as・"
"1935" "When I went to check in the agent could not do it and sent me to their supervisor.  My flight was a KLM/Kenyan code share which had a flight number change.  It took the supervisor about 2 hours of telephone calls and computer work to issue a boarding pass.  There appeared to be・"
"1936" "Most convenient Airline between Austria and East Asia.  Perfect food, good wine, good airport (ICN).  And reasonable price.  Me and my family have been using Korean Air for some time now.  Will use them also in future.   When I was working (15 years ago) I had 2 platinum member・"
"1937" "This was absolutely the best flight I have taken to date. The plane (A380) was fabulous, the leg room was outstanding even with seat in front of me reclined, the food was excellent (Korean meals) and over all a total \"10\". I'd recommend the airline to everyone."
"1938" "After flying more then 55 times Frankfurt-Incheon v.v. only with this Airline, i was disappointed at the check-in in Frankfurt to be put in a 4 seat row at the almost total end of the economy class (Row 62). Knowing well that isle seat is generally preferred (we are not allowed・"
"1939" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1940" "I wd highly recommend this airline to reach west coast Us as the flying hours are very well divided between two flights. Flight timings are better than Airline flying over Europe.  Mumbai to Seoul takes approximately 71/2 hours and connection from Seoul is within 1 1/2 hours and・"
"1941" "I've taken Korean Air twice as they are one of three airlines flying direct to Seoul. Seats are comfy/nice. Food selection is also good - I've tried both their international and Korean choices and both were nice. In-flight entertainment was fine too. But what really keeps me・"
"1942" "Excellent service, flown with many different airlines but this experience surpassed all others. Excellent cuisine, calling it food, is not an accurate description."
"1943" "Treated like royalty, excellent cabin and food nothing was to much trouble. MY only slight complaint is that at 187 cm tall the bed, when flat was a couple of cm's shorter than I needed to stretch right out."
"1944" "Simply an excellent flight, decent food, good wines, opportunity to work and to sleep. Reasonable movie selection."
"1945" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1946" "had a very comfortable trip; crew was pleasant and friendly, a good selection for meals; with the 6 hour layover in Incheon, I was able to take a FREE one hour city tour"
"1947" "the airlines was average  , i like the airport . the crow so nice  , the biggest issue is food service uhhhg u cant  eat they just serve nut and noodles NO halal food for muslim  i reached to jeddah die of hunger"
"1948" "We  flew with Korean Air Lines for the first time to visit our son who is working in South Korea and have nothing but praise for this airline. The seating arrangement is a bonus-  2-4-2 and we booked our seats with our travel agent prior to flying, at no cost. The plane departed・"
"1949" "It's my 3rd time to ride with Korean Air, all for trips to the US. As always, they were accommodating and friendly. Food was great. Our seats were perfect. Flight was smooth. Will definitely ride with them again next year."
"1950" "the flight was around 10hours from sydney to Incheon and i slept through most of it, in other words for me, the space was big enough and comfortable enough to sleep like a baby, i'm quite tall too and there was still plenty of leg space. what i loved most though was the food,・"
"1951" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1952" "departure time from Brisbane 8.25am most suitable followed by a day flight arriving Seoul  (Incheon) 1735 pm, 10 HR Flight then by coach to 5 star hotel overnight, great meals ,huge room. 11. AM coach to Incheon airport for a 12hr flight arriving Heathrow at the respectable time・"
"1953" "Nice new aircraft. Comfortable seating and layout. Didn't eat anything as it was an overnight flight. So I am unsure about food quality."
"1954" "The service on board was fantastic.  The fare included an overnight stay with dinner and breakfast.  On a previous flight we had an afternoon departure so had a beautiful lunch included."
"1955" "Overall, it was a very great experience with Korean Air. Check-in and boarding was a breeze and in-flight service was great. Crew were courteous and polite as expected from Korean culture. In-flight entertaiment has many choices, from movies, TV shows and music. Food was good, I・"
"1956" "It have a long time to book a ticket from korean airline,but it never made me disappointed. From the check in at the airport to the flight, the staff is friendly and   efficient .For the meal also is better than most flight but the best is the airfare is quite reasonable・"
"1957" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1958" "It was a connected flight with a transfer in Seoul. The first aircraft was quite comfortable. We got in at midnight, I slept well all the night, and 2 hours before arrival a nice breakfast was served. In Seoul we had about 10 hours before boarding to the next flight, and the・"
"1959" "You can charge mobile phone, You can enjoy many movies,  There's a large leg-space, and good services!"
"1960" "I was doubtful about Korean Air at first, given its low ranking on the list of the world's best airlines, but most things on the flight were top-notch. The inflight food (the Korean traditional food!) and the service was especially great. Seats in economy were like other・"
"1961" "One of the best I have flew so far. As it was a overnight flight, the attendants took extra care to make sure everyone would get a good rest. Care kit included slippers and we have seen senior citizens being cared for well (the attendants helped to put on the slippers). Food was・"
"1962" "Never had better service on a flight. Comparable to Singapore Air.Friend was business class passenger, he treated me to business class lounge. Only complaint was that you can't sleep in economy, but that's every carrier."
"1963" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1964" "On check in , I was asked if I was ok with an exit seat, and I said no.  So, they gave me an exit seat. Nr 041c, the worst seat on the plane. I tried to change it at the gate, they were \" to busy\" , I asked the cabin crew, said, I actually was the worst person to ask to help in・"
"1965" "From checking in to service on plane was a positive experience.I had a two night stopover in Incheon which was fantastic. Incheon airport is one of the nicest airports I have been to and that includes Singapore. The queues  looked long but we were efficiently seen by・"
"1966" "It was our first time to ride Korean Air to Canada via Seoul and we were very happy with the comfort of the plane. There was more legroom gauging from my husband's knees. The seats were bigger as it wasn't tight. Bibimbap was always part of their menu. There were plenty of・"
"1967" "The flight times from Tel Aviv to Japan flying with Korean Air were the most convenient and efficient re net flight time and time in Japan.  The flights were very comfortable seating spacious enough  and all amenities were good. Food was good.  Flying back from Seoul to Tel Aviv・"
"1968" "The airline personnel from check in to the final unloading were highly professional and polite. I fly throughout Asia on this and other airlines but to fly from the states to Asia, Korean Air is my choice. I flew others but the clean look of the staff is very nice. The food is・"
"1969" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1970" "As always, Korean Air has a fantastic in-flight service. I have been flying them once a year and service has been impeccable despite it being the cattle class. Food is above average if you order the right thing...Can't go wrong with bibimbap and rice porridge. As for western・"
"1971" "If you are going to or through Korea, there is no better option than Korean Air. Great service, a good ontime departure rate, and comfortable new planes on all the transpacific flights. The seats have more space side to side and between the rows than US carriers, and they have a・"
"1972" "We always travel Korean Air as it is very competitive price wise and the in flight service of a high standard. We love the over night stop in Korean when we are travelling to Europe as it completely eliminates \"Jet Lag\".   The in flight service and cuisine is very good and you・"
"1973" "Korean Air  always provides good service, a good selection of food, good choice of entertainment and they have friendly attendants."
"1974" "There's nothing special about the airline, but the service I got is everything I'd expect from a good airline.  The food on board is good, though a bit bland. Legroom is more than enough for me, but my shoulder always touch the next guy. I guess there's nothing I can do as the・"
"1975" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1976" "Excellent all the way through smooth check in courteous staff  good lounge facility inflight excellent staff ---extremely helpful good food, good service Overall a 5 * experience"
"1977" "Over all services and cabin crews are good. The were very helpful and a tons of service mind with smile faces. This is the morning flight, so delayed for about an hour due to the ground service problem. The food is good. The set space is OK, not too small or inconvenience. But・"
"1978" "Staff are courteous and friendly and accommodating to your needs. I always like the food they serve on the flights, meals are hot and fresh. I always love passing through Incheon International Airport, great lounge for napping, free showers and lots of good restaurants to choose・"
"1979" "Customer service is excellent from both ground services staff and on board.  Aircraft is new, clean, well maintained.  Boarding and disembarking is very efficient.  Luggage handling is excellent as well.  Have flown both business class and economy.  Lots of legroom in economy."
"1980" "Much more leg room than Air Canada, with more polite/helpful flight attendants and better food! Even checking in with extra and overweight baggage was a pleasant surprise because the agent was friendly and reasonable. (Saved us at least $100)"
"1981" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1982" "At par service and cleanliness. Competitive pricing compared to many major airlines. Great food and in flight service."
"1983" "When flying from Brisbane to London, because of flight scedules, an overnight stay in a 5 star hotel with transfers, dinner and breakfast included in the fare.  The return journey is straight through with around 4 hours at Incheon.  Incheon is a great airport offering free・"
"1984" "Gotta give kudos to Korean Air. They served some of the best airline meals I've had for this class of service. On my flight, I had 3 choices, one being Bimbibap. I have to say, it was excellent. Another nice thing to know is, if you're flying with young children, they have \"Kids・"
"1985" "Checking-in was no problem. Food on-board was decent. Considering was flying economy, the leg space was pretty good. In-flight entertainment is a bit limited. Cleanliness of the aircraft was top notch. Provided amenities are a toothbrush and a pair of paper slippers. snacks were・"
"1986" "I flew Korean Air to HCMC, Vietnam, from Chicago, USA, and was very surprised at the service provided. The seats had more leg room than the other airlines I have used for the same journey, the food was decent, and the staff were extremely friendly. Bonus: at the airport in・"
"1987" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1988" "Even though I was almost at the back of the plane, the seats were really spacious, and comfortable, it was a full flight but never have I ever slept better while flying in economy, the staff were excellent and could not have asked for a better airline for this particular flight."
"1989" "Wonderful service makes this service superb. As a person with a disability (Multiple Sclerosis) I have found Korean Air to be a wonderful carrier"
"1990" "We were upgraded on the first leg to Korea. Looked after so well. Back to economy on the second leg but still a great service. We have flown with Korean Air 14 times now and found them the best."
"1991" "Great service, clean, good food. In-flight entertainment is great and up to date. Advance seat selection and mobile check-in can save your time at the airport as well."
"1992" "Korean Air is an excellent airline, the staff always want to help and nothing is too much trouble. You have a choice of Korean or Western meals."
"1993" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"1994" "Excellent service, nice food, free overnight hotel with a great buffet restaurant.  Definitely will choose the Korean Air for my next trip"
"1995" "Very good flights, on both short and long distance flights. Entertainment system is good, food is as tasty as it gets, service is excellent. On the last flight one wheeel of a suitcase was broken. Excellent service followed until full completion to my satisfaction, within less・"
"1996" "The flight was comfortable, service was good but vegetarian food left a lot to be desired. I had to make do with fruit and salads."
"1997" "At a price that was $3000 AUD cheaper (for a family of four at Christmas) than our national airline, I didn't have overly high expectations of our trip with Korean. Now I would choose them over many other airlines I have flown. The A380 has ample legroom in economy, the cabin・"
"1998" "The services are excellent and the crews provide very good services to me. The airport lounge is a bit small and the varieties of refreshment are very limited."
"1999" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2000" "Pros : Kindness services, excellent food. good movie & music entertainment. cleaning toilet & seat. Cons : nothing special."
"2001" "The flight was on time.  The choice of meals was very good.  The crew were friendly.  I would definitely fly with them again."
"2002" "This airline had competitive prices for their flights in what is European summer to fly there and so it was my first experience with it. It was a positive experience all the way, the staff are courteous, friendly, kind, they go out of their way to ensure everything is to your・"
"2003" "Without exaggeration, Korean Airline excels beyond all airlines I have had the privilege to experience during my world travels.  Attention to detail is evident from check-in to baggage claim.  With Bangkok the final destination, flight, KE0082, JFK - ICN (Seoul) connected to KE・"
"2004" "I have been flying internationally to Asia for years and Korean Air is consistently the best airline I've ever flown. Even in economy class I have plenty of room, more than on any other airline I can think of. The food service was great and the choices were very good. I・"
"2005" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2006" "Good service, more humane seat size than some other airlines. Was upgraded one leg of the flight to business class, a completely different experience from economy  the modern day equivalent of steerage in long haul flights."
"2007" "I flew 4 legs: 2 5-hour flights (Seoul to Saigon, Hanoi to Seoul) and 2 14-hour flights (Dulles to Seoul and the reverse) in business class. Three of the flights were fine in terms of seat comfort--I could fully lie down and try to sleep.  One of them, however, was not really・"
"2008" "Korean Air is exceptional at providing service to their passengers. The food is wonderful with 3 selections. Between meals snacks are served, hot towels are provided along with juices . All flight attendants are professional, courteous and friendly. I've flown this route 38・"
"2009" "Clean and bright plane interior, professional and courteous staff.  Food is subpar- one Korean option, and the western option (usually chicken). I've flown KA many times for business and food is always skimpy and sometimes even Korean spicy. They don't get some people can't・"
"2010" "I have flown Korean Air to Cebu 5 times.......the one thing I am impressed with, is that their flights always seem to depart and arrive \" on-time ...\" Horribly LONG layover at Incheon Airport coming home though........12 damn hours.......hmmmm"
"2011" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2012" "I have been flying from the United States on Korean Air to Singapore, as well as Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, since 2012. Although during that time I have tried two other airlines, in my experience, Korean Air is as good as you can get for these long flights.   I fly・"
"2013" "The Service, Food and the Lay-Flat seats, make this a very pleasant flight.  I am always very happy and rested when I fly this class of service with this very well managed airline.  The lounge service when I am in the transit area, for Prestige service, includes private showers,・"
"2014" "Being from Seattle, I'm somewhat of a Boeing loyalist -- until it comes to Business Class service in the airbus A-380. Generally, the upper deck is Business Class (some airlines Business and First), and there is plenty of room up top for things like large bathrooms and stand up・"
"2015" "After flying 13+ hours from DFW to ICN on AA, I was not looking forward to the unknown of Korean Air and the 3.5 hour flight to come.    WOW.  The seats are large, the leg room is amazing!  They had food and drinks and the service was very good.  Any opportunity that I get to・"
"2016" "Flight attendants were friendly and courteous. Meal selection at the time I took the trip was a choice of Bibimbap, pasta, or chicken. Lots of choices for drinks and loved the duty free cart presentation. Upon entering the plane, greeted with a friendly welcome. Leaving the・"
"2017" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2018" "Twice I had to fly Korean Airline.  From LAX to Korea, it would be an airbus, and a regular 747 from Korea to Bangkok.  First of, services between the two air crafts are very different, almost like a comparison of shopping at Macy's vs. Saks Fifth Avenue.  Why is that?  Both of・"
"2019" "This was probably the 5 of 6th time I've flown with them and each time, the flight went smoothly, the airline attendants were friendly and as a whole, they seemed more organized. My last visit, they didn't even seem to mind that I took my duty free sampler bottles from my bag・"
"2020" "Due to a recent health issue, I changed my diet and was worried about what food I would be able to eat on the flight. Thankfully I was able to request a gluten free meal before the flight, and the airline staff confirmed my meal choice during check-in, and again at the start of・"
"2021" "Korean Air is the best airline we have ever flown.  More leg room than other airlines, even in economy class.  The food and service was by far better than any other airline."
"2022" "Korean Air is still one of the best choices for international travel. The planes are clean and newer. The staff is helpful, courteous and friendly. The inflight entertainment is good (although the movie selection on this particular flight was not the best) and the food is・"
"2023" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2024" "excellent Korean food--try it  instead of the western fare.  Service was among the best . and it does not hurt that the stewardess are  the best looking , very educated  Korean girls --it must be a very prestigious position--like the old days flying first class on the Pan Am・"
"2025" "This isa very good airline.  My flights left and arrived on time.  The service provided by the crew was excellent.  The seating was a little cramped for me, But considering the low fare I paid, it was acceptable.  All in all it was a good value."
"2026" "Non-stop flight. Arrive well rested and productive because Korean Air has this trip down to a science. They have the optimal sleep, exercise, hydration, and food schedule figured out and posted in an hour by hour guide in the magazine. Follow their advice.  Food and beverage・"
"2027" "Great service and a very comfortable cabin.  I had never flown Korean Air before, and I was very impressed and will definitely fly with them again."
"2028" "Flew from Honolulu to Thailand. While it was a long flight, the overall experience in business class was exceptional. Service can't be beat and their hotel in Seoul was very nice and relaxing. "
"2029" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2030" "Wonderful leg-space! Great service, clean new airplanes... enough comfortable seats... entertainment-system is pretty good, i wished more film choices, but in general was it ok!"
"2031" "You haven't experienced service until you have experienced Korean service. Excellent food. Attentive service. More legroom than any airline I've flown, which is a defining factor when flying 16.5 hours from Atlanta to Seoul non-stop."
"2032" "Compared to other companies going to Seoul that I have flown with before, I must admit, I prefer Korean Air.  In-flight service was good. Staff is kind and helpful.  The blanket provided actually covers the full body and is warm enough. And seats are comfy and (at least for my・"
"2033" "I love Korean Air. One of the best in Asia. You get what you pay for definitely. This was my 2nd time with them"
"2034" "Korean Air indeed is the best airline and it has the best service to its customers. No wonder seats are almost full all the time. The service is indeed by their slogan \"Excellence in Flight\" and they keep their word for it. Even if you are seated on economy, you would still feel・"
"2035" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2036" "I have flown to and from Australia three times with Korean Air and they are faultless in the exceptional service that they provide.   They will always be top of the list when looking at flight options and especially when it is a long haul with the family.   "
"2037" "We decided to travel Korean Air after reading some good reviews. Indeed is far to be a bad company but is also not the greatest. Positives: as we had an involuntary 20 hour stopover they put us on a hotel close to the airport with all meals and transport included. We arranged・"
"2038" "My wife's father passed away and we had to change flights No problem no extra charge no fees At all Sure we had to compromise and fit in with what was available No big deal just had to fly when seats were available Within a few days of what we wanted Thankyou Korean for your・"
"2039" "I am a member of Skyteam frequent flyer program and I really enjoyed using Business class service of Korean air, from Business lounge at the airport (luxury, convenience, lot of foods and drinks) to the cabin in the plane, all are very good. The flight attendance team is caring・"
"2040" "Including the ease of check in at Brisbane Airport the air crew were amazing.Nothing to much trouble at any time of day or night.The cabin crew did not go to sleep in their seats as I have seen on other airlines.The moment a cabin crew call light came on they were on their feet・"
"2041" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2042" "So this airline is good enough when it comes to the flight itself. They'll get you there. However, if you need to speak with customer service, for any reason, you will likely want to just die.  I once had to make, not joking, 10 calls to book a flight. They have several,・"
"2043" "You must know cons with Korean Air that Korean Air does not want you to know: Miles earning issue: Korean Air and Delta / Aeroflot partnership on mileage is lousy and really really bad for Delta Skymiles and Aeroflot Bonus frequent flyers. I spent a lot of money on the ticket on・"
"2044" "Airline employees were awesome.  Flight was delayed at both airports Don't sit I. A set behind row#50 or you will most likely smell Diesel. Food was very bad. Small portion. But you certainly can ask for a snack. I took the 1:10 flight so naturally you can't fall asleep. Finally・"
"2045" "In early May, 2017, we have flown Korean Airlines Flight # KE 081 from Incheon/Seoul (ICN) to New York (JFK) by its Prestige Class (Business Class).   Our pleasant trip started with our comfortable stay in the spacious KAL Lounge at Incheon International Airport. The lounge was・"
"2046" "I was thoroughly surprised with how attentive the FAs were on this flight. It probably didn't hurt that I learned to say thank you in Korean and also bowed and was very appreciative  of their service, but even prior to any of this from the moment of boarding they were very kind・"
"2047" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2048" "This was my first trip from Seoul, South Korea to Los Angeles. My husband, he likes flying with Korean Air. Actually, we had a long break in Seoul 10 hours, so we rented a room at the airport for showering, changing clothes and even taking nap.  We were flying from Kuala Lumpur・"
"2049" "they are on time with take off and landings. The lay over is long but that just the way things are when going on long flights"
"2050" "We understand that Koreain Air flight attendants of the flight 983 ICN-IKT do not love passengers and do not love tourists based on our evaluation and observation onboard. We do not appreciate the Korean Air flight attendants provoking behaviors and hypocrite. We did not see any・"
"2051" "Was expecting better service and food from Korean Air having flown plenty with them. Flight was delayed due to maintenance issue and consequent need to change plane at ICN. Very poor level of information provided on this."
"2052" "Korean Air is a great airline with an incredible business class product on their 747-8i, which includes business suites. The service onboard is phenomenal and the seat comfort is great too. The food is very good (yet not too varied). The only letdown is the average business・"
"2053" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2054" "Korean Air is one the largest airlines serving Phnom Penh. Flight to/from JFK is via Incheon International Airport, Seoul. Very long haul flights aboard crowded aircraft. Staff says their flights are always filled to capacity. The staff is very accommodating to special needs・"
"2055" "Flew the A380 from JFK to INC then onto BKK.  14hrs in economy class to ICN reasonably comfortable as had an aisle seat.  Good service with frequent offerings of water/juice or snacks, plus two meals.  Two hours on the ground at ICN.  Great airport, but disappointed that Korean・"
"2056" "Korean Air was excellent. Fantastic on plane service. Plenty of leg room in economy. No charge incurred for changing date of return flight. Able to stay overnight in South Korea to break the tiring journey between Australia and Europe. Recommend strongly."
"2057" "The airline is perfect: attentive crew, good meal, comfortable seats, in-board entertainment. Wish to fly with Korean airlines again."
"2058" "I'm frequently flying by Korean Air on Colombo sector due to the fact sometimes they have most attractive air fare.   This short flight takes approximately one hour thirty minutes. They offer pack of snack, juice and water. You will have a limited time enjoy your food and use・"
"2059" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2060" "If it is comfort, great food, great wine, great everything down to the last detail, this is an airline worth thinking about."
"2061" "What a wonderful experience.  The seats are more spacious than Comfort+ on Delta and didn't have to pay extra for them.  The Flight Attendants were wonderful.  The In-flight Entertainment system is much better than Delta's.  You can actually select a live camera view while in・"
"2062" "My wife's mother died last night and we already had a booked and paid flight on a future date. When we ask Korean Air to change the original departure date for my wife they say yes but it cost double the price. But United and Delta offer much cheaper compassion flight for her・"
"2063" "Korean Air flight was excellent, as usual. The professionalism, friendliness of the crew, the quality of the food, the cleanness of the restroom, the amenities, the selection of inboard entertainment etc... made our flight with Korean air ones more outstanding. Korean Air is・"
"2064" "Enjoyed Korean Air however if you want to go from Shanghai to Atlanta you have to stop and have a layover in Seoul/ Incheon airport.  The Incheon airport area is nice and the bus service is excellent so please see the great city of Seoul if in the area!"
"2065" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2066" "I told her we do not speak Japanese nor Korean but they kept forgetting.  They asked us what we wanted to eat (2 choices to choose from in the menu).  We told her one thing but they gave us another thing.  The OJ was very sour which was strange.  Food was okay.  The attendants・"
"2067" "I'm flying from Shanghai to Jakarta and transit in Incheon for 4 hours. All I can say it was my first time to fly with Korean Airlines and this was my best time transit in Incheon that you can spend 4 hours like 1 hour. So fast because you enjoyed the shopping tour in huge・"
"2068" "Excellent service! Free 5-star sleepover in Incheon Hyatt to break the 24 hour flight into 2 more pleasant shorter flights. The dinner served at Hyatt was great. We felt fresh arriving at Paris the next day. Seats: decent leg room, back rest can recline quite a bit. Staff: Very・"
"2069" "We always traveled by Korean Air during our residency at Ulsan, South Korea form Jun-2011. Even though options available many a times we enjoyed our flights with Korean Air. Services of Korean Air are not comparable with several other Airline claiming them best. Check-in,・"
"2070" "They got nice food, I enjoyed it all...breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks!! Nice staff and all beautiful ladies!!"
"2071" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2072" "My flight actually started from Sydney Australia transiting Incheon onwards to Toronto. Although I was on different aircraft types , A330 departing Sydney and  B787 from Incheon, my comments apply to both legs.  Service was excellent and seamless including the transfers to and・"
"2073" "This was a most enjoyable experience. The service was impeccable, the food the best I have ever experienced on an airline flight. The stopover hotel on our return in Seoul, The Grand Hyatt again very enjoyable can't find any faults in the trip at all"
"2074" "Booked a flight with Korean Air was told I could select my seats. Had made seat selection only to find out that it was supposedly only a request and that my seats were not selected as I was led to believe. Korean Air customer service did not rectify the situation. Told me I・"
"2075" "We flew from London to incheon Korea then transferred to narita Japan. The whole service was seamless and we felt very valued. Prices were significantly more competitive than the Western European alternatives.  Would definitely use again "
"2076" "Short and efficient flight from Busan to Seoul.  Service is exceptional on Korean air flights and a very smooth transfer at GMP to the metro system."
"2077" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2078" "This was our 1st time travelling with Korean Air and we weren't at all disappointed.  The check-in was quick and efficient.  We pre booked our seats - at no charge which alot of other airlines charge for.  Felt like we had more legroom on this airline.  Service was very good -・"
"2079" "It took a while to escape from Mongolian Airlines, but after one experience where the flight sat in the airport for 9 hours to fill the plane, i discovered that a much better re-introduction to modern life was available from KA.  The flight was smooth, service was excellent, and・"
"2080" "Recently purchased or leased airplanes by Korean Air have different seating arrangement especially for the business and first class.  Airbus 380 has the business class seating only on the upper deck of the airplane and by 2-3-2 layout. More recent airplanes like Airbus 330-300,・"
"2081" "The FAs are very courteous but feel detached.  They are also very young and pretty but (you can't have everything) they don't know how to heat the meals served, i.e., the omelette is cold and runny in the center, as are the cubed potato side.  However, even they will tell you,・"
"2082" "Korea Air. The inside of the pilot is terrific, the cleanliness maybe full, the food is delicious (full service). I like their service system and bathroom cleanliness every 15 minutes.  I have tried all the levels of the seats all wonderful. I have traveled to Korea more than 80・"
"2083" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2084" "Tried Korean Air for the first time on a trip from LA to Manila.  Compared to most airlines they are priced reasonably, not too expensive but not that cheap.  The seats are spacious enough, I am 5'4\" and not heavily built and felt comfortable enough.  Baggage and carry-on・"
"2085" "We had the best, most comfortable flight, across the world, for a much cheaper price in business class, than most airlines,  in fact some airlines economy class was not much cheaper.  The service was great, and air hostesses were really attentive and the food was really tasty, ・"
"2086" "Last 10 years ago Korean airline was very good perfect for us.Now I feel like uncomfortable to take again.I am Asian not a Korean but most of passengers  are Korean, one of air hostess asked me not to use rest room that time near land to Incheon airport.But another Korean・"
"2087" "Plenty of leg room - I usually have to upgrade seating but this airline had plenty of stretch out room!  We had one flight from Singapore to Seoul and the 2nd from Seoul to Atlanta. Flights on time, crew was attentive, meal service plentiful, beverages upon request with no・"
"2088" "Worst airline experience I have ever had. I go to Bangkok airport two and a half hours prior to check in. They have the wrong gate listed and didn't bother to change it as everyone was obsessed with some pop star G-dragon that was going to be on the flight. I waited two hours in・"
"2089" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2090" "The service that I experienced on Korean Air from Seattle to Seoul South Korea on 13 June and on the return flight into Lax on 20 June was great.  Good meals, and the best part, was that I had great leg room.  This was a connecting flight to and from CRK Philippines.  This was・"
"2091" "Notthing special and I can feel any specific feeling on this trip because it's business trip in economy class"
"2092" "convenient flight, good service by the cabin crew. Probably the shortest way to fly from Israel to Japan"
"2093" "I have flown economy class with Korean Air a few times since Aug 2016. The staff are always polite and helpful. Plenty of space in overhead storage. Blankets and pillows are placed on every seat. For long legs and wide stomachs the seating space is decent. The food and beverages・"
"2094" "A group of about 14 of us flew from Seattle to the Philippines by way of South Korea. The seats in economy are incredibly roomy with a surprising amount of legroom. Even our friend who is 6'3\" was very comfortable on the flight.   The service on the flight was better than any・"
"2095" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2096" "I have taken Korean air many times and have always enjoyed it compared to other airlines at about 60 % enjoyment  They have great service and are very helpful and friendly "
"2097" "Comfortable seats. Never bored during flight, you will got entertainment (movies, games, music). Never hungry, they will serve you all time from Incheon until Phuket."
"2098" "As I am tall, unfortunately we got to the airport to late to ask for exit row seats, Korean Air  does not allow these seats to be pre-booked and to get the extra leg room you need to be at the airport early.  Apart from the small amount of leg room due to my height (which・"
"2099" "Flying to Korea? I'd definitely recommend Korean Air. I am flying business, so please don't take my word if you are flying economy.  Leg room: VERY SPACIOUS. It was very spacious, that it's wide enough that I can't reach the touch screen monitor when I am seated. You can lay・"
"2100" "Love it!!  Great service,  great food and drink,  great comfort....always with a smile!! We will fly with these folks anywhere at any time!"
"2101" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2102" "Korean Airline's A-380 service was nothing short of excellent!!! Add to this the incredible service provided by the airline's crew and you have a recipe for an excellent long-haul flight - the type that we once had years ago. The crew's training and professionalism shined・"
"2103" "This is the first time for use Korea Air service .When I'm go to at10.30 am from Thai to USA.The staff when I'm check in was so good help me for choose the seat because we have6people and use more time for check the staff was always good mood .When the plane take off between・"
"2104" "Flight was delayed due to late arrival of the aircraft from the US but it was ok as the services KE provided to passengers were excellent. The crew took care very well every single passenger. Food and beverage were really good while in-flight entertainment was great with so many・"
"2105" "Well, the flight was delayed while flying from ICN to IAD and vice-versa. Whenever I wanted to recline my seat a little bit, the air hostess came and said not to do so. The food served was an average. Though there was enough space near the emergency exit where I had my seat,・"
"2106" "First time flying Korean Air and they were great. We flew economy class and it included 1 free checked bag. The seats were comfortable with plenty of leg room and the crew was very friendly. We will gladly fly on this airline again."
"2107" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2108" "I've made the trip from China to America (and back) dozens of times on a variety of airlines and can say without a doubt that Korean Air is the best. The seats are as comfortable as Economy Class seats can be, but it's the service that really sets this airline apart from the・"
"2109" "The flight was in a B-777-200ER in very good condition. The crew was extremely friendly and the food was excellent. There were no delays. It was a very good experience."
"2110" "Flew with them from Chicago to Seoul on my trip to Korea.     Boarding was orderly and quick.   Tons of leg room.    Cabin crews are always top notch and very attentive. Meals are pretty good as usual with choice between Korean and Western option.   AVOD is excellent as well・"
"2111" "I traveled with whole family include my infant. The crew team was so nice and treated us very well. I was provided a baby bassinet so it was very comfortable. The crew team also taking care of us well during the flight. Food is so good as well.  I usually travel with Korea Air・"
"2112" "We chose KA return flights as it was convenient on our scheduled dates. The travel was uneventful, they were on time and if there was a slight delay in one of our stop over departures, the pilot made sure we arrived on time. The food was alright. Even in an  economy we have・"
"2113" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2114" "after an exaustive formalities at mumbai aairport ,boaarding this flight was real comfort .very courteous staff,clean aircrft n on schedule."
"2115" "The flight was smooth with little turbulence. With 3 meal options and 23 kg luggage allowance are more than adequate for me. The beef noodle is rather salty. Inflight entertainment is available with western or Asian movie offerings."
"2116" "We regularly fly Korean Air because of our experience with their excellent service and this time was no exception. We were taken care of very well throughout our trip and especially enjoyed the privileges of our Morning Calm status. Check-in was speedy and efficient. Our flight・"
"2117" "Incredibly, my husband and I flew as the only passengers in the first class cabin from Los Angeles to  Hanoi!  The stewardesses were so polite, attentive and pleasant.  There are only 12 seats in the cabin with a 1/2/1 seat configuration across the plane.  We chose to sit in the・"
"2118" "All was well, flight was comfortable,spacious! was fasting as it was during ramadan and i requested for my snack to be packed for me so that i could break my fast  But the stewardess said sorry. Again I  came back in a week for Eid, to be with family. Sadly it was the same・"
"2119" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2120" "This was our first time flying a non-American airline and WOW, were we impressed.  The flight attendants were beautiful and ALWAYS smiling, the food was good (real glass and silverware - even in economy) and we had enough leg room to cross our legs (which is surprising, since my・"
"2121" "every step of the way.  excellent seat design, perhaps better than most in this class ... private and spacious.  food choices and services were delightful.  a great airline able to deliver hospitality."
"2122" "The best airline I have been travelling with in terms of space. Their flights are quiet, lot of leg's room. The only problem is with hostess and steward. Their english is very poor and sometimes it's hard to communicate. Food is the worst part, but I personally prefer to have・"
"2123" "Very good experience, good space, good food, new and nice plane, on time, clean, and even it seems that there▲s more space than other airlines. Everything excelent!"
"2124" "Korean airlines is only one of three airlines i would travel economy on.   the service they provide for the long distant flights is very good.   very polite and willing to assist in any way possible.   with usually only one layover in Incheon,  it allows for a comfortable・"
"2125" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2126" "If you are flying to the west coast in US from Mumbai, Korean airline is your best option. The first part of journey is 7 hours and the next one is 10 hours, quite evenly divided. Besides Incheon airport is a delight. If you have two to three hour halt you can just curl on one・"
"2127" "This is my first time flying Korean Air on Economy. I booked this airline as it was the cheapest direct flight I can find during my travel period in late May from SG. Was pleasantly surprised their meal options have 3 choices instead of the usual two that you have in many other・"
"2128" "My recent frequent trips to Japan qualified me to be upgraded to Business class, and it was excellent experience. Spacious and comfortable chair, delicious lunch and extra business class services."
"2129" "Very comfortable seats in the Aircraft. Flight entertainment quite okay, flight attendants with excellent service. Flight is on time"
"2130" "I fly Korean Air frequently and love every minute on aircraft, Professional and polite Flight Attendants , sparkling clean plane and bathrooms, Great selections of food and wines . Transit hotel services in Seoul excellent and fast. I always try to choose 747-8 so I can seat in・"
"2131" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2132" "Fligh was so good. Seats was so comfortable and spacious.  Services was excellent. Stewardess was very helpful and well trained and they are able to solve any issue immediately.  Overall it was a pleasure and great experience to fly with Korean Air."
"2133" "I have flown Korean several times. Great service, entertainment system and best deal. Maybe people are weary of going to or through Korea with North Korea threats but the people do not show it. Life goes on. Unlike United and American they clean and refresh the restroom during・"
"2134" "I'm in my late 60's now and although I've done numerous long distance flights over the past 45 years I find it gets increasingly difficult to face it as I get older. Whenever we travel to Rome to visit our daughter and her husband we always choose Korean Air due to the fact that・"
"2135" "I have been flying back and forth from Japan to the US on Korean Air for 20 years.  For my money, there is no better airline.  Service is always spectacular,  and even though I fly economy the food is very good.  I have never had a better flight experience, and I strongly・"
"2136" "The aircraft was new and spacious as Airbus A380's can be, though the seats were a little bit cramped as most commercial airlines are. The in-flight service was efficient if impersonal.   However, the whole experience doesn't project the generosity and caring one would get with・"
"2137" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2138" "This is the seventh time I have flown this route to Korea.  The service is impeccable throughout the flight.  This flight is over fourteen hours in duration so that is really saying something.  The flight attendants are the best in the world."
"2139" "Don't waste your money on business class on this flight!  The plane was so old and outdated, it belonged back in the 70's.  The staff was very good, but the seats were so old and uncomfortable.  The stewardess had to go around in the evening and attach these old foot stool・"
"2140" "Many years ago I flew Korean Air and loved them, but they became more expensive than other carriers.  I have seen the error of my ways and where you may pay a little more, it is well worth it.  I travel to Asia at least twice a year and have gotten to the point where I cannot・"
"2141" "We flew from Heathrow to Korea and the flight was on time, the staff were friendly and attentive and the plane itself was clean, comfortable and I felt very safe whilst travelling.  I recommend this airline for any long haul flights because the staff will definitely take care of・"
"2142" "I would recommend Korean Air.... I am totally careful when it comes to choosing long hours flight...although Korean air has some history of air disasters, I couldn't doubt their safety records.... so my flight landed safely without feeling even a slight vibration.... good back・"
"2143" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2144" "I travel from Toronto to Hong Kong every year to visit family and until several years ago, I was always with Air Canada. Initially I booked Korean Air because of cheap flight prices, but I stayed on with them because of the unparalleled service! What more can you ask for when・"
"2145" "The airline flies to 135 destinations, 13 of which are domestic. International destinations include 50 countries within Asia, Oceania, the Middle East, Europe, Africa, North America and South America. The best part it takes you to a time long gone. Visit places like Insa-dong・"
"2146" "I traveled from New York to Bangkok, via Seoul with Korean Air, on business class. This is not my first business class travel, so I can compare companies. For me, the company has failed the test of comfort, exclusive service, attention to details, entertainment, food, etc.   The・"
"2147" "The Korean Air flight from NY JFK to Cebu, Philippines has to stop over in Seoul, SKorea and change plane for Seoul to Cebu flight. This outbound flight was very good, good food, on board movies and excellent service. The flight coming home, from Cebu-Seoul-NY was terrible. They・"
"2148" "I fly Korean in business and economy class on a regular basis. I am reviewing economy as it is great and business is better - you get the idea. Hosts are professional, helpful and polite. Seating is good for economy and lay-flat for business. Nice in-flight entertainment options・"
"2149" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2150" "A very pleasant flight! In-flight meal was in between fair-good range and drinks were fine (One strange thing, though. They have whiskey for free but wine was not avilable). Cabin was very clean, typical of Korean Air, and personal screen worked well. Legroom was supreme, and・"
"2151" "Great ground & flight service. On time is important for me, when I had business travel. I would like to recommend to choose bibimbap for the meal. I do watch Korean movie on flight very often, nice."
"2152" "This was an experience to rebuild confidence in old fashioned service - all the way from Heathrow to Denpasar.  'Plane times were perfect, the stop over in South Korea (Inchin Airport) was so well signed, staffed with informed and pleasant attitudes and not too big - we could・"
"2153" "Traveling on a last minute booking from Thailand back to the States with a broken leg, my travel agent was able to line up bulkhead seating to accommodate my cast. That was miracle enough, but the professionalism, warmth, attentiveness and goddess-beauty of the flight attendants・"
"2154" "We have flown with Korean Air a number of times. There is always plenty of legroom, comfortable seats, good food, pleasant cabin crew.  On our last trip, we included a 3 day stopover in Seoul for a very low cost. Great place to visit and really helped with the jetlag recovery."
"2155" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2156" "Generally, we are quite pleased with the service. My younger girl vomited during her lunch and the air stewdress had done a kind follow up on whether she is fine and offered medicine for her though we did not request for it.   Further, my older girl enjoyed the online games,・"
"2157" "Never flown with this carrier before very impressed with the staff and the efficient way they go about their business, great aircraft A333 very comfortable, good food and in flight service.  Would be happy to fly with them again!"
"2158" "Great service while in the air.  Food was amazing! This was a long flight with a lay over in Soul (totally worth it too).  I'll try and fly Korean Air as often as I can.  The one down side is the cabin got to hot and stuffy for me.  Going to need to bring a USB fan or other・"
"2159" "Korean Air advertises their \"excellence in flight,\" and I found it to be so true. I especially liked the flight attendants who were very pleasant, courteous, helpful, and happy. They certainly seemed to be very delighted to serve you! When I asked for a cup of hot water, for・"
"2160" "Two overnight flights with a stopover in Incheon. The flight left on time, the seats were comfortable, blankets and pillows supplied. Entertainment was excellent. The toilets were kept clean. Food was excellent with a choice of dishes.onboard service was also excellent. Overall・"
"2161" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2162" "This Airline has become one of my favorite now. The service is good. I wish they had more selections/variety on drink service, though. Overall, you'll have pleasant travel experience with Korean Air!"
"2163" "Great flight from Korea to USA. Easy on, easy off. Clean, friendly, great movie selection. I purchased the tickets and needed to adjust my return trip for 4 tickets. Korean Airlines didn't charge me the $150/ticket to change the return date. Thanks!"
"2164" "Air traffic delay in Manila... Korean Airlines opens up a special security check for us to transfer through in Seoul. We made our connection with plenty of time to spare. The guy with the sign that we kept seeing along the way was a nice touch!"
"2165" "Korean air offers not only business class (like most American Airlines), but also first class. The first class occupies twice the space as business class and provide caviar as additional food service.  The bed is wide and comfortable with martres and comforter. And wine is・"
"2166" "Korean Air is my favorite airline.  Excellent service, real silverware, free entertainment even in economy.  Flight attendants very polite and service oriented, always helpful and granted every request at any time with a smile."
"2167" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2168" "I know many people criticise airline food but generally they do a pretty good job with limited facilities. However, the food on this flight was a bit strange. We left at 8:25 am and about an hour later we were served a meal that would be normal for dinner rather than breakfast.・"
"2169" "We had to book flights at the last minute and usually travel Air New Zealand but as usual that is when the flights are soooo expensive. Our travel agent, Flight Centre, found a really good special for our dates and only a little bit more that AIr NZ economy to go Korean Air・"
"2170" "Travelled from Brisbane to Vancouver with Korean Airlines for Christmas 2016 and couldn't fault them. Roomy seats, good selection of games and movies to keep everyone entertained. Air hostesses went out of their way to settle babies while parents slept. Food was fine too."
"2171" "I enjoy flying Korean air and the attentive flight crew.  I've even transported my pets successfully to and from America.  My only complaint is that they keep the cabin way too hot for the comfort of most Westerner's.  30+degreesC.  They will however, lower the temp when asked."
"2172" "The way it use to be, pleasant crew amazing food and up too date airplane. A joy to fly again, looking forward to the return flight."
"2173" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2174" "Awesome service, beautiful food. Pilots fly good but with more turbulences I experience with them. Luggage policy is good. They are expensive than Air China."
"2175" "Recently we flew Korean Air Roundtrip from Honolulu to Tokyo and also did a roundtrip from Tokyo to Korea. We had a perfect switchover from Tokyo to Korea which Korean Air made no mistakes with our baggage final destination. Korean Air is a very comfortable Airlines in Economy・"
"2176" "I live in Fiji but I am from Germany and due to my 97 year old dad I am going back frequently. This airlines is awesome in 5 years, making this trip every year, I have never ever had a bad experience. It starts with the online booking which is smooth and easy, check in is always・"
"2177" "The airline is value for money and the air hostesses are attentive and kind. The cutlery is real! No plastic cutlery with this airline.   The overall experience was one of pleasure."
"2178" "Had good food and kept bringing water and juices throughout the flight.  Attendants were friendly and had many movies to choose from on the screen behind the seat in front of me "
"2179" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2180" "Korean Air is a very good and nice option that you have if you are travelling from Sri Lanka to Male, given that it fly from Colombo very early in the morning you will reach Male by 0700 in the morning. which will give you enough time to spend in Male.  Every three days its・"
"2181" "Booked a return trip with Korean Air and departed on 31 May from Singapore and return on 18 Jun via Incheon. The staff were very excellent in service and always polite towards us. The food was great. The flight was on time for both onward & return. Nothing to complain about.・"
"2182" "My wife, 2 sons, and I just returned from a 10-day/9-night roundtrip flight to Seoul.  Between business and personal travel, I fly 6-12 times per year, and have flown to Seoul before.  My previous travel has been exclusively on Continental/United, Northwest/Delta, American, and・"
"2183" "This was the first long haul flight my husband and 2 boys had done. We were thrilled with Korean Air. Staff were attentive, food delicious and plentiful, kids entertained by electronics. Blankets, slippers, water provided. We got our flights on an early bird sale last year and・"
"2184" "From beginning to end a first class experience. Onboard service was outstanding, more flight attendants than I have ever seen on a domestic carrier. I was asleep during meal service, as soon as I woke up I was served my meal (try that on a domestic carrier). We had a 30 minute・"
"2185" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2186" "We've flown on Korean Airlines a couple times in the last couple years, and this particular flight was the worst experience we've had with this particular airline.   First off, we were not given a boarding pass for our Seoul to Seattle flight back in Hanoi where our journey・"
"2187" "phone customer service rep wouldn't take the 15 seconds it took to just reserve me an aisle seat and instead directed me to the website.  Thankfully i kept her on the line to walk me through this process online and what do you know?  the website seat selection was unavailable. ・"
"2188" "I have flown with many airlines to many destinations but this was my first flight with Korean Air and I must say the service was impressive. The stewardesses went way above and beyond. I noted them helping with childcare on board. Honestly I have not seen that before, playfully・"
"2189" "If you are considering booking a flight on Korean Air, DO IT! I've flown business class on many different carries and all pale in comparison to my experience with Korean Air. Impeccable service, spacious seating, luxurious amenities. The biggest bathrooms I've ever seen on a・"
"2190" "I have been traveling Internationally for a long time now and so far, The service in this particular airline is definitely one of the best. Food is palatable. the bread they serve is actually WARM!!!! and for somebody like me, that is very impressive because none of the・"
"2191" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2192" "I flew from ICN to IAD. It was 13 h 45 min non-stop flight. The service provided was okay. I felt the seat little bit uncomfortable since there was a boy behind me hitting my seat all the time and I could not sleep. Besides, the guy next to me was drinking throughout the flight.・"
"2193" "korean air has to be the best airline i have ever flown with. the crew are always polite, the plane is clean. good food. i love their 'freshly baked' buns. how they make it taste freshly baked on a long flight is beyond me. they offer drinks and sandwiches almost every hour. and・"
"2194" "Wish the flight was longer, it was so good. All aspects were good, from check in to luggage retrieval."
"2195" "This airline is unmatched for its size. I first saw the two story plane and was just waiting to be forgot in the masses. The flight staff changed my mind very quickly. When you get on the plane is massive but every seat has so much room you don't even notice your sitting three・"
"2196" "This was the first time I used Korean Air. The disappointed one was the baggage policy. They only accepted only one baggage with max. 25kg weight. Even you have two baggages with weight less than 25kg, they will not accept it. What a mess... The other services was fair."
"2197" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2198" "Korean Air is a great way to travel. No baggage fees, they provided slippers for the long flight, the 2 meals were both very good for airplane fair. Beer and wine were served with one meal. A good selection of movies were available to pass some of the time. Very important were・"
"2199" "Everything is perfect. Food was great, staff was friendly, everyone got a blanket, headset, slippers, toothpastes, toothbrush, the muovie library has some of the latest movie in cinema. The staff feed you with plenty of snacks and water even when you are sleeping. "
"2200" "Excellent service, attention to detail, service with a smile. I suggest to other airline's staff to fly with KA and learn from them I will fly with them again if possible Highly recommended "
"2201" "i have travel 15 times in korea airlines. excellence flight and delicious food. i like 搾策剛.airhostes are so bueautiful and so helpful. ho to flight every time when iam flying to kathmand."
"2202" "Once again not disappointed with Koreanair. Enjoyed the flight slept through most of it . I  had missed my meal and they were  able to bring it to me  once I was awake.  Tips:  I didn't know this but you can ask for Hot Sauce for your meal for those of you who like a kick"
"2203" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2204" "My first time flying with Koreanair as well being on a 13 hours flight. I was blown away with the level of service. They give you  slippers , toothbrush and toothpaste  that is when you are in regular economy. The flight attendants were attentive , the movie and food selection・"
"2205" "Well.  I was both pleasantly surprised and slightly underwhelmed, all at the same time.  The seats and service were excellent.  Comfortable seat with nice amenities, and the service by the flight crew was very good.  Alas, the food was uninspired - I opted for Korean choices,・"
"2206" "This was my first time flying Korean, and I see now why their moto is \"Excellence In Flight\". Korean puts any American based airline to shame. The flight attendants were beautifully dressed in traditional Korean suits and actually treat their customers with respect. They don't・"
"2207" "What a fantastic service.....the staff on board were amazing...kind, friendly, concerned, attentive and nothing seemed to be a bother. Food was great although my wife did not enjoy the oriental vegetarian. The plane from Sydney to Seoul was very roomy and comfortable. The larger・"
"2208" "When we first got on the plane, we were greeted by nice ladies before loading our luggage and taking a seat. The movie and games selection during the plane was nice for our kids because they forgot to bring their electronics. Very good food on the plane. If I ever go back to・"
"2209" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2210" "I recently flew to London on Korean Airlines (from NZ) and was quite impressed with this airline. They are affordable, and the food was great, the service was professional, and the seats were comfortable (and I didn't feel cramped even though I was flying Economy). The option of・"
"2211" "Roomy accommodations. No seats hitting your knees. Stewartess were very attentive and always smiled.  Seemed like the three rows ahead of me were quite needy all through the flight but staff were very gracious none the less."
"2212" "My husband and I flew on Korean Air from JFK to Osaka, connecting through Seoul.  Everything was terrific, except that we had too long a layover.  However, the lounge in Seoul was wonderful!  Comfortable seating, wifi, and excellent food and drink choices."
"2213" "I fly often with many different airlines.  Korean Air is by far the best.  Planes are clean, staff is extremely professional, and food is great. Always nice new movies and it seems like the seats have just a little more room than most other airlines.    Also the Korean Airport・"
"2214" "Service was the best ever. Staff was very attentive to our needs. We had a very short connection and we had a personal escort to our connecting flight. Quality of food was excellent. We were updated on the status of our luggage and were happy to see it arrived at our・"
"2215" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2216" "I have  flown this route on many occasions.  I have  never had any real concerns.  The flight  from Chiang Mai departs at midnight.   I am usually able  to sleep through the flight.  The  food  served has been  good.  Leg room is ok.  On one occasion I was  bumped up to business・"
"2217" "I was one of 30 plus Guam Masters Basketball Team member that flew Korean Airlines from Guam to Auckland New Zealand via South Korea to compete in the World Masters Games April 21-29. WOW!The service from the Guam travel agents, flight attendants was first class all the way. The・"
"2218" "We fly to Japan and back fro, tel aviv Isreal. the sites were good and the service outstanding. WE recomd your to fly korean air to all our friends."
"2219" "I love this airline. Crew (except one I complained via email) are nice. Legroom is superb. Movies though are limited and most are boring movies"
"2220" "Hassle free. Very friendly and helpful service both on board and during check-in and transfers. Great legroom with comfortable seats. Consistent service performance on outbound and return leg."
"2221" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2222" "I have traveled extensively across the globe hopping on various different airlines but Korean Air mesmerized me with its legroom and friendly staff on board. Initially while booking my flight from Mumbai to Los Angeles and San Francisco to Mumbai, I was little skeptical because・"
"2223" "First off our flight from bkk to icn was on an old a333 configuration with semi flat seats. Semi flat? Ugh. The service checking in was great and the lounge at bkk was amazing. However o just couldn't believe the old configuration they used.  Service was tacky. The FA's were not・"
"2224" "It's a connecting flight Yantai China to Busan. The seat are very comfortable with great legroom. In-flight entertainment was great.The air steward were friendly, helpful and professional. the meal on board were excellent for economy class."
"2225" "Here's what every airline should be looking at and be mimicking. Just fantastic. Food is great. Well served, tasty. Service is top class. Seats are comfortable and the trip was just easy. 4 hours flight felt like a half hour. I'll be looking at Korean Airlines whenever I have・"
"2226" "I was so excited to be flying KAL again as in the past they have always been amazing.  Our flight KE 054 from hnl to icn was fabulous. Their new 747-8 Apex suites are divine. Although I love the extra side storage you get in prestige class upper deck , I would probably in the・"
"2227" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2228" "Got the opportunity to fly Prestige Class on Korean Air.  All flight attendants do just that they attend.  They service you well and clean constantly.  The restrooms were spotless despite the long flight.  Razors were restocked and areas with wiped.  The wine was not cheap and・"
"2229" "KE-122 SYD-ICN Economy  Travelling to Canada on vacation, Korean Air was significantly cheaper than their competition, The first leg of the flight was Sydney to Incheon.  From observation, the boarding gate crew seemed to be confused. The passengers were waiting while the・"
"2230" "One of the best Airline ever. I never mind to pay more for the type of service they offer you. From check-In to Leaving the airplane the crew is the nicest ever. I would differently use them again if they serve the country I am traveling to. Thank you again"
"2231" "Korean Air is always very professional.  The seats are very comfortable and there is sufficient legroom for all but the largest of passengers.   The selection of movies was adequate.  My only complaint was meals.  All but the Korean traditional dish had been devoured, and I am・"
"2232" "The segment from Toronto to Seoul was long enough to warrant more comfortable seats. The seat padding was far too thin. I felt that I was sitting on plywood. The segment from Seoul to Phnom Penh was distinguished by passengers carrying multiple pieces of hand luggage: you could・"
"2233" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2234" "Here's what every airline should be looking at and be mimicking. Just fantastic. Food is great. Well served, tasty. Service is top class. Seats are comfortable and the trip was just easy. 4 hours flight felt like a half hour. I'll be looking at Korean Airlines whenever I have・"
"2235" "Here's what every airline should be looking g at and mimicking. Just fantastic. Food is great. Well served, tasty. Service is top class. Seats are comfortable and the trip was just easy. 4 hours flight felt like half hour. I'll be looking at Korean Airlines whenever I have the・"
"2236" "I recently flew business class ( or prestige class for Korean Airlines) from Auckland to London and return, changing planes at Seoul on both trips.   From Auckland to Seoul (and reverse) they use a 777 which are quite old and worn, but fine nonetheless for the price paid. Staff・"
"2237" "First time flyer with Korean Air and they are up their with the best Excellent service. Great leg room."
"2238" "I was very excited when found out that I'll fly using korean airlines. As I read a lot of good comments about them. Unfortunately bad attitude of one of the Russian-Uzbek speaking staff was very disappointing. From the first glance when entering the plain I had the feeling・"
"2239" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2240" "Korean air offers a most convenient connection with less than = 2 hours connection both ways   Planes are good & well maintained , service is good   Pleasant experience "
"2241" "There is only one direct flight to Seoul from New Zealand and Korean Airlines provide the service. Sure you can go via Australia or Japan, HongKong or Singapore but the transfers and changes add hours to a longish journey. We were late leaving Auckland, paperwork delays on cargo・"
"2242" "An amazing flight, one of the best I've had with world class service. I would take Korean Air over almost any other airline out there. Most importantly leg room... wasn't an issue even on a 12 hour flight."
"2243" "We had a very long flight from Mumbai to Seoul and then from Seoul to Auckland. Best part about Korean airlines is they have smiling crews and they are always smiling and happy to help.   In-flight food is amazing and was beyond our expectation. We were given Indian meal."
"2244" "Hardly travel by Korean Air. Pleasantly surprise with the economy leg room spacious. Able to stretch better than on other airlines economy class. Menu need to be improved honestly. Only had 2 choices chicken noodles and bibimbap. Both quite horrible!  However service on flight・"
"2245" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2246" "As with other trans-pacific flights this was looong. But it was made bearable with the stewardesses who were constantly on the lookout to ask you if you needed anything and yet were conscious enough to give you space. As with other no English speaking countries, they were・"
"2247" "We took Korean Air from Seoul to Sapporo Japan.  Since this is just a 1.5hours flight; we just took economy class.  I was impressed with the big legroom in their economy class.  the service was great - from check in to the whole flight."
"2248" "I had the opportunity to fly KE recently.  As a Delta Diamond I was routed as a codeshare from HKG to ICN.  I wasn't looking forward to the connection but excited about flying a new airline.  I was very pleasantly surprised.  Incredibly comfortable business class seats. ・"
"2249" "I have flown Korean a few times now and find them a really accomodating airline and their staff very friendly and willing to help. Having upgraded their fleet, the planes are clean and comfortable with a reasonable standard of food especially as i have special dietary・"
"2250" "The complementary stopover in Seoul made this trip for us.  The cabin staff were pleasant, seat comfortable and for economy class we had lots of leg room.  We arrived in Prague rested and ready to start our holiday"
"2251" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2252" "The staff and the service in general is very good, but it is extremly complicate to make an online reservation, every time i try with their oficial page they make me sign up for skypass, they say that if I don't take the flight I HAVE PAID FOR, I must let them know or otherwise・"
"2253" "The flight on the new 747-8 was a very comfortable flight in first class but: - business class food doesn't seem to be up to par with others (dinner, alcohol, and breakfast options) - Very limit selection of movies - + Lots of Kpop to listen to in the meantime"
"2254" "Korean Airlines always serves up great service. The consoles for movies work in the seats, the food is tasty, and they treat you like you are someone special, even though you're one of hundreds in economy class. I've flown Korean Airlines for multiple trips and have always been・"
"2255" "The service was surprisingly good. The in-flight food (Bibinbap) was decent. Overall, I had a pleasant flight experience with my kids."
"2256" "Recently flew from Sydney to Paris with Korean Air via Inchon as they were one of the cheapest economy and the flight was broken with a night in Korea provided by the airline free of charge. Well what a sensational stop over. Bused to and from hotel which was new and 5 star,・"
"2257" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2258" "A clean, comfortable, punctual, extra hospitable airline!!  Despite all the euphoria about various airlines, and having flown on many, KE ethos appears to be on the dot!    Beyond the points highlighted above, the hospitality on board was top drawer.  Special mention must be・"
"2259" "Great customer service, more legroom than average (33in), and flights run on time. I've flown Korean several times now and all have run smoothly. Great meal service and the in-flight crew are the friendliest attendants ever!   One time during the APEC convention my flight was・"
"2260" "This was our fifth flight to Europe with Korean Air and again an excellent airline that never disappoints for long distance air travel due to comfort, leg room, meals, entertainment, air craft, cleanliness and last but not least, the friendly caring staff.  The overnight stays・"
"2261" "The aircraft was an older A330-300 but was clean and looked well maintained. This is a 6 hour flight with no problems at all. However the food on this flight again was not good at all. I tried the chicken meal this time because I had bad luck with the beef meals. The dinner meal・"
"2262" "Took another flight with Korean Air (Best Price). The aircraft was changed from A380 to a 747 8i. The aircraft was fairly new and was clean. The overall flight was ok but the food is just not up to par. Maybe my standards are too high. The beef was meal was like eating rubber・"
"2263" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2264" "I've flown with Korean Air twice, and both times had great service. The staff were friendly and super accommodating. They definitely go out of their way to make you feel comfortable. They had movies, music, and shows available with slippers, pillow, and a blanket provided."
"2265" "First time flying with Korean with an overnight stay in Seoul included in price. Hotel was great with a standard buffet dinner and breakfast, but the process of accessing it was a bit of a nightmare. Long queue at immigration, and another one at the hotel transfer point. Not・"
"2266" "Very comfortable flight both to Bali and then back to Seoul.  Reasonable leg room in economy and good entertainment selection.  Meals were very good and service excellent.  Well managed boarding!! We would definitely fly with them again!"
"2267" "Excellent service since you reach the counter. Good leg room for long flights. Food and entertainment are the best. Bathrooms are neat for a 14 hour flight. They gave me my special gluten free meal and headphones for my child."
"2268" "One of the better foreign carriers I have had a chance to travel with.  The service and atmosphere on their planes is exactly what you would hope for.  As always, do your research and you will find Korean Air near the top for your travel needs."
"2269" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2270" "Bad bad flight ! Not family friendly airline.  We are family of 5. Parents and 3 children. We booked our flight 10 months ago, chose the seats to be next to each other (and windows for the little children). We made our web check in a day before the flight (with the same seats).・"
"2271" "the best Airline service in the world better then Eva and Cathay Pacific right now Korean Airline using 787-9 dreamliner is the best in the our earth bigger leg room and more comfortable, also best food like kimchi. Noodle, I love it."
"2272" "Flights KE908 & 129 out, 130 & 907 back This was our first experience of Korean Air. When we next travel out East, they'll head the list of Airlines we'd choose. There was so much that was good: * Service from Crew was impeccable, the only suggestion was that maybe they could be・"
"2273" "The staff are awesome !!! We flew at Korean Air since 2013 and I love the first experienced . So every now and then we always booked my flight at Korean Air ,the food is great they served Korean and western dishes so you have options to choose from. They feed you really good. ^・"
"2274" "Traveled August 2016. Hubby and I had an opportunity to travel to South Korea for the \"first\" time, both of our \"first\" international trips. We attended the International Korean Adoptee Association annual conference. (I was born in Korea, but adopted to a US family as a baby,・"
"2275" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2276" "Seats for economy are more spaceous than other airline. They serve food food.  The Captain is so good in take off and landing, very smooth. The movies during flights are almost new. I apply for frequent flyer mileage member."
"2277" "They provided a special help to us since we did not know the language. They checked us in for the flight in a smaller area than the big check in desks. They escorted us to the plane in Singapore. They met us in Seoul at the gate and later they escorted us to the gate of our・"
"2278" "Very efficient company. Used it to fly to Korea and Fiji and every flight was on time. Very clean and modern planes.  Excellent customer care, very friendly and helpful staff. Free goodies offered upon arrival. Food was quite good and has a large selection of European and Korean・"
"2279" "I have stopper in Seoul to go Europe and Japan. The service they have provided were amaizing and all fertility were really good.   I have stayed in Hyatt hotel in the airport as free on that day and hotel buffet were provided as well as transformation.   I really recommend to・"
"2280" "The service was good, clean and we were on time. This was a top experience and has a good ratio quality / price."
"2281" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2282" "Korean Air is unbeatable  for polite, friendly, efficient, welcoming service. The staff are attentive particularly during the serving of meals etc. Nothing is too much! The toilets are constantly cleaned throughout the journey so they are as clean when you leave as when you・"
"2283" "I've travelled with Korean air a number of time but this last time was horrible! Was seated near 4 children in which one did not stop crying and I do mean did not stop crying for like the entire trip. Although the hostess' did try their absolute best to calm the baby!  Maybe if・"
"2284" "Korean Air is probably the best of the Asian airlines, and most of them are better than all US airlines. Great service, clean cabin, friendly attendants. It's hard to come up with anything that you won't like, especially if you compare Korean Air to United or American Airlines.・"
"2285" "For all the \"great\" things I've heard that Korean Air is the best and worth the extra $$ you pay, it's not all that. The comfort wasn't what I was expecting especially in business class. The toiletries they give you is generic, not worthy of the class. The onboard service was・"
"2286" "This was my second trip to NZ, and after having flown with \"the world's favourite airline\" I was dreading it. Wrong! Korean were superb, including the stopover in Incheon. If ever a flight of this duration could be made enjoyable, Korean do it. Highly recommended."
"2287" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2288" "We flew once again with our favorite airline (so far) from New York via Seoul and were very well treated throughout.Both check-in staff and flight attendants were pleasant and attentive, and ready to accommodate needs. There was always good choices of meals with regular・"
"2289" "From take-off to landing the stewardesses were professional in the performance of their duties. They showed no sign of tire nor disgust when dealing with passengers.  The airline ensured that all passengers were equipped with toiletries and blankets for the long trip. Food was・"
"2290" "Recently, we were transferred onto a Korean air line flight due to a problem with our original air line. A very stressful experience with \"brand x\" turned into a wonderful experience with Korean air.  From the moment we arrived at Korean Airlines ticketing, we could see that・"
"2291" "2009 I flew to Heathrow Airport via Seoul with Korean Air with a stop over in Seoul and had lovely friendly staff and a great flight.. The overnight stop over was paid for by Korean Air and was a very comfortable night in a hotel close to the airport with vouchers for dinner and・"
"2292" "290 cramped cattle class seats, all rammed, 7 toilets, all with 15-20 minute queue throughout flight. Reason? Space at rear that many airlines use for toilets is configured as shelves displaying luxury duty free goods. This in addition to normal trolley sales. Doubt waiting in・"
"2293" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2294" "ICN - SYD Airbus A330-300  I really enjoyed flying with Korean Air with their Airbus A330 aircraft. Super comfortable with excellent legroom. Great new movies to watch in April. The crew were friendly, helpful and professional. Dinner and breakfast meal service were excellent・"
"2295" "ICN - HKG (Airbus A330-300):  Very new aircraft. Super comfortable. Great leg room. The crew were very friendly and professional. Lunch was great with a Korean wine. Entertainment was good. (5-stars)  HKG - ICN (Boeing 747-400): Old aircraft. I think they are going to be・"
"2296" "We boarded Korean Air A380 to Seoul. The staff are so friendly and not rude at all (take note Qantas!). The seat has heaps of room. The flight was so smooth. The crew always came around with water and juice. The meals were really tasty! (Try their Bibimbap.... so good!). The・"
"2297" "It's so nice as I had no feel for trip as makes me feel at home with comfort & smooth flight with good services from the crews during flight~~^^. So nice be with KAL and enjoy the services provided during joyful flight even on my business trip~~."
"2298" "Lacks the quality in terms of cabin, food and service of an Emirates or Etihad airline and at connections time its every man for himself. Unlike those on short connections you get no help or fast tracking through"
"2299" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2300" "Korean air by far has the best staff in the air. I've flown ANA and united also to Asia but they fall short of the friendliness and service provided by Korean air. The in flight entertainment options are better too, I hope they get some dreamliners soon! Looking forward to my・"
"2301" "The service was lousy. We reserved our seats together but the airline split us up without considering that we were traveling together. We're all on the same ticket.  The airline also allows other people to cut in line. Usually with other more reputable airlines they ask the・"
"2302" "First off the flight from Honolulu to Inchon was 2 hours late leaving, Upon arrival the stewardess came to me and informed me that we were over 2 1/2 hours late and I must hurry from gate #117 to gate #7 at Inchon and to contact the ground crew for assistance to expedite my・"
"2303" "I had expected so much more. We took Korean air from Chicago to Saigon and from Hanoi to Chicago in March. The seats very uncomfortable. I had paid close attention to make sure it was the same air craft as the EVA plane we took last April. The planes are listed as the same but,・"
"2304" "Flight was on time and trip was comfortable. The crew did everything to make the passengers feel at ease. Food choices are great.  The female flight attendants are exceptionally beautiful. (No sex discrimination, just good observation)."
"2305" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2306" "This airline is one of the best airlines to choose for a long flight.  Transfers in ICN are always enjoyable. ICN is a great modern airport to pass through and has many amenities. Their service is the best I have seen on an international flight. Their food and drink selection is・"
"2307" "Booked biz class lax to Sapporo using miles.  Check in was efficient but impersonal.  Luckily they did not charge me the extra I had anticipated for a large snowboard bag. No instructions on how to get to the gates.   The lax KA business class lounge was a joke. Peanuts in・"
"2308" "I flow from Dubai to Incheon with my wife and my daughter, we enjoyed every minute onboard with a wonderful crew members and a selection of entertainment onboard. The meals was yummy and the veritey is beyond my expectations. I recommend evrey one to fly on Korean air to enjoy・"
"2309" "I ordered special meal (low sodium and seafood) and it was not good. I hope I can get exit seat reserved in advance at additional price. Regarding others (staff, cleanness, punctuality) Korean air is the best and its part of skyteam. The movie list seriously needs updating.・"
"2310" "Me and my partner traveled on KE on their domestic route from GMP to CJU, which has a flight time of approximately 50 mins from take over to landing. So the flight is very short but they used a 747 on this route. I checked in online and selected 2 seats behind the wing as I・"
"2311" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2312" "I fly between the USA and VIetnam at least four times per year and have found Korean Air to be my preferred airline. The connections are great through Seoul and the arrival and departure times work well for me. I like leaving at night and arriving in Vietnam in the evening as・"
"2313" "Flew from Brisbane to Rome via Incheon - they put us up for the night in the Hyatt at the airport in a really nice room - free dinner, breakfast, and lunch. All the meals (both on and off the plane) were amazing (steak and chicken in economy class? yes please!) and breaking the・"
"2314" "LAX-ICN flight is operated on A 380 , The business class is located on the second level with two lounge area at each end of the second floor ."
"2315" "A good dependable airline, departures seam to be punctual whilst the Business Class service was excellent.  Having flown from KL to Seoul our check-in at the transit counter was seamless.  Business Class lounge at Incheon airport was excellent."
"2316" "One of the best Asian airlines we've travelled on. Not only was there plenty of leg room for my 6' 1\" husband plus the seats were very comfortable. Food selection good and very tasty. Inflight movies selection also good. Would recommend this airline to friends."
"2317" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2318" "My wife and I recently returned from a trip to Vietnam.  We flew Korean Air from JFK to Inchon, Inchon to Ho Chi Minh City, Hanoi to Inchon and Inchon to JFK.  We flew economy class the entire trip.  The boarding process for Korean was very orderly.  The board by special needs・"
"2319" "I felt like royalty. The hospitality and quality of service received was extraordinary. In economy, you don't pay for extra leg room and a touch screen with multiple media activities comes standard. The in flight dining will be memorable,  from the metal cutlery to the savory・"
"2320" "I had never flown with Korean air before and this will be the last 3 flights ever . For some reason they only allow 1 bag per person even on international flights , so I have to pay an additional $75 each flight . Ridiculous !!!!! all 3 flights were late or delayed . They had no・"
"2321" "I've had nothing but success with Korean Airline these past few months. I've flown from Seoul to Washington D.C. twice and to Hawaii once. Every time the experience has been great from check-in to final deplaning at the destination. The crews at the counters, gates, and on the・"
"2322" "The airline was very comfortable and had a lot of leg room, well more than another plane. The only thing they did not do well was offer drinks and the drinks we did get were only half glasses.  They did offer 2 meals but be aware that they will all be some sort of spicy rice・"
"2323" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2324" "I recently returned from a visit to Auckland with Korean air. I was very pleased with the quality of the aircraft and the service from staff during my trip. Nothing was too much trouble for them and if I pressed my button, someone came instantly. During my return trip, I was・"
"2325" "I read reports about \"top\" airlines and note this one is always up there.  There's a reason for this:  They're great!!!    Flight attendants were friendly and helpful.  The airplanes are newer and kept clean.  Though not the airline that controls it - the flight was on time. ・"
"2326" "What's not to love about this airline. I am a very long legged guy and leg room is my biggest concern on any flight. All my seats from 4 different planes had ample space.  Next is the French wine. In the first hour I had been serving three glasses and it's quite good in my・"
"2327" "We flew business class on March 29th. I was a little worried based on Korean Air reviews on Tripadvisor and Skytrax. The check-in at Hong Kong went so smoothly and the business class check-in staff went out of their way to help fix my baggage which had been previously damaged on・"
"2328" "I traveled from Delhi to Seoul on business class in their A330-200 aircraft. It was 'all right' experience with no fuss. Cabin attendants were courteous, responsive and friendly. The airline lives up to Korean efficiency expectations. But, considering the brand I was expecting・"
"2329" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2330" "This is my first time with Korean airway, thus I had no expectations. The first option they gave me is choice of food; as I am Muslim and we have religious restriction. Honestly, the snack was not great but meals were delicious, and I was first to be served. The services were・"
"2331" "my trip was transformed into a fun experience,this was my first time traveling with Korean Air. No waiting line at airport, lounges very comfortable,service on board was impeccable personnel gourmet food and wine they will treat all your senses,very comfortable flat bed・"
"2332" "WOW!! Can I say - just WOW!. First of all the flight attendants. Dressed to the \"T\", incredibly efficient and incredibly professional. I have flown a lot. I mean a lot and this was by far the best experience ever. The plane interior was immaculate. The service outstanding, They・"
"2333" "Korean Air has been an airline I used to fly all the time between Bangkok and LA. Last year I flew EVA AIR and was not really impressed. The price was the only fact in last years flight. This year Korean Air was better than the rest. The flight from Incheon to LA was comfortable・"
"2334" "Best. Airline. Ever. I've rode in first class and business cabin in other American airlines but Korean Air treats their economy passengers with first class service. Seats are much larger in economy than most airlines. Not sure how that's possible since it is same Boeing planes.・"
"2335" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2336" "Having planned a Ski trip to Japan for Family and Friends, I was questioned as to why I chose Korean Air, at that stage my only reason was it had the best connection times for our journey. now we have completed our trip, I am glad to say everyone agreed it was one of the best・"
"2337" "Korean air offer a free stopover in a 4/5 star hotel in Seoul from Sydney to London. If you are not in a major hurry and would like to split the long journey from Sydney to London then this ticket is perfect.The airline does not fly direct so they give you the opportunity of・"
"2338" "I took a flight from  to CDG but it wasn't direct fight I need to wait about 7 Hours at Incheon Airport (ICN). Even the flight it was a long time on board but I didn't feel bored. The staff very helpful and always smile. I can say it's was my great flight in my memory."
"2339" "One can tell why this is China's 1st choice for an airline. The movie selection is great, the service is even better. More snacks are provided when you ask. Various juices offered several times throughout flight. One time when I asked if the single glass of juice offered was・"
"2340" "The food and service on Korean Air, irrespective of cabin class, is always excellent. The Korean option is always particularly good.   I had travelled from Shanghai (PVG) to Seoul (ICN) and was en route to Yangon (RGN). On the previous flight I had a delicious spicy chicken dish・"
"2341" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2342" "Service was attentive and staff very professionally dressed. Seating was relatively comfortable (13 hour flight), good in house entertainment (very few American/English TV shows). Food offered was mainly Korean and a take on American food, snacks were Korean. Food was well・"
"2343" "Short flight from Vladivostok to Seoul. Left and arrived on time. Service was good, friendly staff. Meals were not bad. Despite the short flight, tge airplane had entertainment system with new movies and so forth. "
"2344" "This is probably the best airline I've flown on, despite the relatively short duration of the trip. The flight was a bit delayed in leaving due to the heavy traffic at Incheon International airport, but it arrived on time at NAIA terminal one despite the heavy turbulence at・"
"2345" "One of the best airlines I've traveled so far. Staff is friendly, polite and welcoming. Always attended to my requests with a smile. They also maintain a high level of cleanliness in their flights. Seats are comfortable with sufficient legroom. Delicious food presented with an・"
"2346" "All airlines should be run like this one. Staff is very helpful and extremely friendly and courteous. Plane loads from back to front much easier.good movies and for airline food it's really good."
"2347" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2348" "The Incheon to Narita segment is only a 2 hour flight, but the competition is tight. My family and I flew to Tokyo during the holidays and we thoroughly enjoyed the flight to Japan and back (from Korea). The only challenge is the efficiency of the check-in at Incheon. Get there・"
"2349" "My flight was delayed for almost three hours and Korean staff made an announcement only in Korean to explain the situation and some angry passengers rushed to the counter to complain in a loud voice....we could hear it through microphone...it was such a mess. Non Korean speakers・"
"2350" "on time, great cabin service, beautiful and courteous flight attendants, good meal service, very helpful, great response to needs"
"2351" "We have used Korean Air for six flights during the last six weeks, 4 Business Class for journeys between U.K. Seoul and Auckland, and two Economy fights between Seoul and Tokyo.  We received a high quality and consistency of service on all flights. The food in Business Class was・"
"2352" "Check in was always smooth, quick and easy. Staff are always polite and go out of their way to make the flight as pleasant as possible. On my return flight home I was sick with indigestion. The crew were so amazing, kind and caring. They placed me in the 1st class lounge so I・"
"2353" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2354" "Rarely do we get to see this kind of service from any airline. I the guise of professionalism most airlines run their service like robots. They tend more to task in the name of customer service namely for economy class. Korean Air came as a pleasant surprise. The service was・"
"2355" "A very pleasant flight really enjoyed flying with this airline. only issue was the limited chocie of Indian Foods they had on offer"
"2356" "In the past Korean Air has been good , as for this trip I was disappointed that I wasn't Abel to pre book are seat,s , first I was emailed that I could not select seats until 24 hr. Before the flight , when it was 24 hr before the  flight I still was unable to select are seats ,・"
"2357" "Booked via Expedia cos it was nearly $100 cheaper there. Good service, OK seats with adequate legroom. Really like that they provide paper slippers and most people wear them as soon as you get them. Makes for a comfortable, shoeless ride and easy bathroom access. I was a little・"
"2358" "We were stranded in Seattle and told to rent a car and drive and we would be refunded for the last segment of our flight. Now we are told there is no value for the flight from Seattle to Eugene so no refund. They will only talk via email can't talk with supervisors. There are・"
"2359" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2360" "I flew to Korea on Delta which I enjoy, but then their \"Sister\" partner, Korean Air took me to my destination (likewise going home). WOW. Not only was I comfortable, their attention to every need made me feel like I must have gotten an upgrade?? Nope, friendly and so attentive.・"
"2361" "When I started my flight I was frustrated and disappointed in my seat location.  While the seat did not get better - the service and flight made up for it.  Great trip. Enjoyed it. Happy to be flying home on Korean Air next week. Thanks for treating me so well!"
"2362" "We chose Korean Air for our holiday to New Zealand. We had little difficulties during Check-In in Berlin because our first flight was operated by Air France and the Self-Check-In Counters we had to use did not accept our Korean Air Tickets (Online Check-In has not worked・"
"2363" "Second time on this route (the first 3 years ago) and it was so amazing that when the opportunity arose to go back to New Zealand there was no other option but to use Korean air again. Booked into terminal 4 straight away and used the \"fast track\" service through security. The・"
"2364" "For a long flight Korean Air was not bad.  Plenty of legroom with USB at every seat.  Flight attendants were very friendly and helpful. Flights were on time.  2 free checked in bags and carry.  Check in was fast.  Upon boarding bottle water, slipper, blanket and・"
"2365" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2366" "One of the best airlines I've flown long distance ever. The food was good and tasted fresh - my husband got addicted to the noodles they give you in addition to your meal (you just need to ask for it). The airline paid for our hotel room at the Grand Hyatt Incheon during our・"
"2367" "A really pleasant experience, on time departure and arrival the flight crew were exceptional, nothing was a problem. Jetstar could learn a lot from Korean Airlines"
"2368" "Decided to book business class for the long haul flight from London to Auckland via Soeul. Good value for money compared with other national carriers flying to NZ. Excellent service and food on board from the ultra polite Korean aircrew. This route uses the Boeing 777-300 for・"
"2369" "Korean air service was extraordinary far better than emirates and par with Sq. The seat width is 26 inches which is very comfortable. Never experienced such good service in my 15 years of flying."
"2370" "Just sat down on flight 72 from YVR to Korea. Booked a window seat with Visa travel points... confirmed at check in.... sitting in the middle rows. Not impressed. Interested to see if it gets better or worse from here. "
"2371" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2372" "I have flying to Israel with Korean Air for the past 4 trips to Israel and have been very satisfied ! Service is excellent, food is great ( bimbimbap is my favorite), the plane is comfortable, spacious and the korean flight attendants are very courteous, decent and efficient! I・"
"2373" "Outbound from BKK to ICN I was allowed to check two bags with no charge, but on the return a fee of US$ 150 was imposed for checking second bag.   Travelers arriving in Korea should note that it can take a long time to clear immigration and customs in Seoul. For me it was 107・"
"2374" "For those of you like me who like to redeem you hard earned miles/credit card miles; First Class on Korean Air is well worth it. I had the pleasure of flying with them less than two weeks ago and can tell you with great confidence that they are one of the best airlines that I・"
"2375" "Brought a return flight with Korean air and the service was comparable though didn't think it was exceptional.  Depending on your layover time it is possible to get a free hotel overnight but you must request directly either with reservations or your travel agents.  The website・"
"2376" "First time travelling with Korean Air and I have to say that it was a delight! Brand new aircraft with excellent sea comfort, in-flight entertainment and super friendly staff. The trip lasted for 2:30 hrs and I was so comfortable that I just wanted it to last more! Best thing in・"
"2377" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2378" "My first time with Korean Air. Flew Business (they call it Prestige) from LHR to  SYD via Incheon (Seoul). I didn't want to travel in economy.  Too bloody far for a man of my maturity to be wedged cheek by jowl with the great unwashed. Ha ha! Went to Adelaide 2 years ago on・"
"2379" "I have flown between Asia and the United States on Korean Air many, MANY times.  It's my preferred carrier.  I also ensure my colleagues and others traveling between Asia and the United States choose KE.  Everyone takes such pride in their work and makes sure that every・"
"2380" "KAL has a fairly nice lounge at JFK's terminal 1. Nice western exposure with silhouettes of Manhattan skyline in the distance. Setting late afternoon sun added to a more pleasant experience. The food in the lounge leaves to be desired. Some sweets, nuts, and packed cheese is・"
"2381" "In my experience KAL falls in the middle of Business Class experiences of long haul flights on the A380. I've had better experiences on Singapore (JFK to Frankfurt) and on Emirates ( JFK to Dubai). But KAL exceeds compared to Asiana on the same route. So if you're going to Seoul・"
"2382" "Flying with two friends long hall from Brisbane to Seoul, Seoul to LAX.  Seats were comfortable with ample leg room.  Food was about as good as pre-prepared airline food can be.  Staff were most helpful with anything that was needed.  Plenty of room on the plane to move around・"
"2383" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2384" "We have never flown Business before, but as we werent going to stop off anywhere on the way we decided to treat ourselves. First, it is not as expensive as we thought, we booked through Business Flights and they couldnt have been more helpful. From the moment we got on to the・"
"2385" "I have used Korean Air exclusively on the last four North America to Taiwan or Korea flights. They are simply a notch above all other carriers in all way. DIrect non stop flights from Atlanta, New York and sure others as well, to Inchon, South Korea. If you are continuing on, it・"
"2386" "The flight was smooth, the attendants were friendly and the atmosphere was wonderful. There was plenty of room to move around during flight"
"2387" "Delta booked me on a KAL flight from JFK to MNL, going through Inchon (ICN).  I was mildly excited because of an excellent KAL experience about 8 years ago.    I flew Business Class, which takes up the entire second deck of an Airbus A-380.  All the \"stews\" are attractive・"
"2388" "Red eye flight.   Got lucky with exit row, 46GH, seats.   Amazing legroom but right next to bathroom.   Food was good for economy airline food.   Service was pleasant.   Once at ICN airport, they offer free 1-5 hour tours depending on your layover as well as a museum in・"
"2389" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2390" "Online and self-service checkin are blocked as they say they have to check my visa. The checkin line is longer than any I have ever seen even in saturated airports like Bangkok. The line zigzags back and forth 8 times and it has taken me 40 mins and still 2 more loops to Go.  ・"
"2391" "Would fly with again  I'd never flown with Korean. Overall it was a good experience, we were in economy and travelling with 2 young children. The planes seemed really clean. The Korean meal they served ie some cold meats and pickles with rice and a soup was actually one of the・"
"2392" "In my opinion, I think Korean Air is better than Asiana. Although, I never had problems with both airlines, I think Korean Air staff were friendlier and food choices were better and offered more frequently than the other. "
"2393" "Boarding announced on time. At the expected schedule(20:20) annoucement made to advise the passengers there was a 10mn delay in boarding but the flight was time... Flight announced on time at (21:00) and then delayed by 15 mn: no communication whatsoever!? The A380 is in a・"
"2394" "One of the best we have flown in.  The stewardesses and stewards were helpful, cheerful and courteous. Service was great and fast! Note: due to weather conditions, our flight was delayed and connecting flight may be missed. They made an effort to shift us to the front before・"
"2395" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2396" "Prestige Class was fabulous & worth the extra money - I recommend it. The staff were great, all very professional and spoke wonderful English. The different positions the seats can be adjusted to made them very comfortable and I don't think I have had better flights."
"2397" "Always comfortable. One of  the best service from flight attendants. Specially when you bump up aqueintnce. One of attendant recognized me even thought we met 18 months ago."
"2398" "Generally no complaints with the exception of the vegetarian meals.  I ordered these for my daughter, who does not eat meat, and what she received looked like baby food. It was literally just pureed vegetables and nothing else; no protein. For her - a 12 year old (not an infant)・"
"2399" "I usually fly wit Korean air but this flight was by far the best service I have received with them.  It's an older aircraft 747-8 but I do hope they will change it to the A380 one day as the flights is long, 13+hrs   Well done Korean air and i will be sure to take this flight・"
"2400" "This was my first flight with Korean Air, flew from Toronto to Bali, with a quick connection in Seoul.  The first flight was a bit behind so there was a person waiting for me at the gate to whisk me off to my connecting flight.  Great service and comfortable."
"2401" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2402" "Korean is famous for its delays and we have noticed. We flew from Amsterdam to Auckland and vice versa and all flights were delayed, although with no consequence (we made all connecting flights). Meal on board are actually quite good and better than expected."
"2403" "I have flow this route in both Economy as well as Business and they both provide more room in their seats then the average airline.  I was lucky in that this route offers the new Business class giving you much more privacy then the standard \"Prestige Sleeper\" in your own little・"
"2404" "what can i say they are the best  on time,srvice with a smile comfort seats food good the stuff on the plain will do anything for you all the time"
"2405" "The trip going we flew via Seoul Korea at Airbus A380-800, double decker.  The entire top level is business class, with lounge.  Boarding was efficient and quick, and it the plane was comfortable and spacious.  I have flown Delta and American business class, but it doesn't・"
"2406" "Can only give the highest praise to Korean Airlines. Arrived LHR and had problems with visa at check-in. My fault! Cut a long story short the check in lady phoned Sydney immigration and processed a new visa whilst I waited. Fantastic service was then backed up with exemplary・"
"2407" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2408" "The business class fare includes an overnight stop at the Hyatt Regency in Incheon. 15 mins from the airport. Free shuttle to/from the airport and dinner and breakfast also included. Lounge at Incheon was huge with large selection of food and drinks. Staff on the ground were・"
"2409" "Flight was via Seoul in South Korea with 2 hr stop over. Proper 180 degree flat beds. Clean modern interiors and staff so lovely and professional. Flights were both on time and given the price compared to other airlines .. excellent vfm."
"2410" "When we arrived in ICN from an Air Canada flight we went to the gate to get them to print our boarding pass. They will not do it, you have to go to the Transfer Desk. We had little time but made it. We had tried to check in online but it would not let us which is how we ended up・"
"2411" "The amount of legroom on Korean Air is amazing for an economy seat if you are used to flying American carriers. cabin service was very good. My continuing complaint with Korean Air is their deeply flawed web check-in. When trying online check-in on the return leg, it denied I・"
"2412" "Overall great service. Seats are vey comfortable to get proper sleep. The crew was very warm and helpful which is one of the main reasons for choosing Korean. Good choice of food and all of this on a route which isn't very competitive. Highly recommended "
"2413" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2414" "Business as usual great service. Seats are comfortable and legroom enough to lie down. The crew was very warm and helpful which is one of the main reasons for choosing Korean. "
"2415" "i have used Quantas, Cathay Pacific, Emirates, British Air, KLM, Icelantic -  Korean had the best service, most efficient, professional and friendly staff I have encountered. The lounge was great as was the day room provided with a long layover in Seoul. My husband left his Ipad・"
"2416" "I have flown to Asia many times, but this was the first time I have flown on Korean Air and it is the first time I had comfortable flights.  On most airlines I try to get exit row seats, expecting it will be more comfortable.  On Korean Air, the regular economy seats are more・"
"2417" "This was a long flight from Los Angeles to Vietnam so I was a bit nervous about comfort and the ability to sleep etc. Not to worry, this airline is first class, even in business class. I felt welcomed I lfelt taken care of and I needed nothing. Seats, Food, pillows, blankets・"
"2418" "Recently took Korean AL to Japan via Seou/ Incheon, where my wife & I spent two enjoyable nights and got over our jet lag before proceeding to Kansai.  The KAL staff are very accommodating and deftly answer any Qs in ENG or JPN (w. Mandarin CHN on the way). Their service is・"
"2419" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2420" "After the smooth check in, I was asked to wait for 5 minutes to see everything was ok with my checked bags (seems like standard operation in Korea). Before security Jeju International Airport (CJU) has a separate line for Korean Nationals and foreigners even when flying locally・"
"2421" "Korean is efficient and very friendly. The Gimpo \"Jeju Terminal\" was a breeze and the flight had no issues, I just wish they had power outlets or USB ports on the airplane to charge my cell phone"
"2422" "We have just returned from a christmas trip from Sydney having got business class tickets for 〔2450. I think for this money one needs to limit their expectations. It's a flat bed to the other side of the world. Premium carriers were well over 〔3000. Check in was quick and・"
"2423" "The outbound legs of our journey wasn't too bad (London to Seoul and Seoul to Auckland), although they were quite stingy with the drinks and looked shocked that my husband should want a beer!  The return legs were not great at all (Fiji to Seoul and Seoul to London).  They were・"
"2424" "Compared to other carriers I would have to give Korean air the BEST rating for service, food quality, and cleanliness of their lavatories etc.  Recently flew with a code share from a western based country and have to say that I prefer to fly on Korean all the way."
"2425" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2426" "This was an excellent flight with top notch service. No negatives here. We flew a 5 hour flight from Saigon to Seuol. The plane looked new and had lots of leg room. We booked our trip online directly with Korean Air. I would love to fly with them again."
"2427" "We were are party of 7 flying from Seoul to Sydney. After to numerous attempts to select seats in advance we finally gave up as the Korean Air website kept crashing and would not allow us to check in in advance meaning we would have to check in upon arrival at the airport. We・"
"2428" "On time , no hassle and within budget . It was an overnight flight , the service was good , the food adequate, plenty leg room and the toilets were clean . We even got toothbrushes and toothpaste .  Incheon airport is the best I have been in ."
"2429" "ICN-HAN round trip on B737 in business class. I had the bulkhead seat (7D/7E) but it turned out that 7A/C have a little more legroom. The seat is not the modern flat-lie business class seat but comfortable enough for a short trip. The food and wine were nice enough, and the・"
"2430" "Had a good experience while flying with Korean Air earlier. I was always skeptical with Korean Air before my first flight. However, it turned out to exceed my expectations. The in-flight entertainment was fantastic, food quality was high, and the in-flight amenities were nice.・"
"2431" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2432" "Eventhough i bought the economy class ticket,i felt like a first class guest.The service is unbeliveably fantastic.There are installed TV in each seats,free headphones,blankets and delicious,nutritious food.I guarantee u will not feel bored waiting to arrive at your destination"
"2433" "No wonder Korean Air gets people so upset  I paid for a business class ticket Kuala Lumpur Seoul and back, just for one night, the flight left around 12 midnight  when I got on board, no drink (alcohol) before take off, ok maybe Malaysian rule, but then why can't they take your・"
"2434" "I was a little reserved about flying with Korean but they were recommended by a friend and I'm glad I tried them. The flight options were perfect for my requirement and the price was excellent, particularly for around Xmas time. Planes were new and spacious enough. In flight・"
"2435" "I'm not loyal to one particular airline nor partner, when it comes to choosing which airline I will fly with I always go with the aircraft configuration, and Korean air offers b747-8i on their midnight flight, offering you absolutely privacy and superb storage space, therefore・"
"2436" "Excellent service excellent staff good seating new plane and fly with these guys  have used them several times to go to Asia never been disappointed place goes with new planes staff has been excellent"
"2437" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2438" "The whole experience of flying long haul was new to me. I had been recommended Korean Air by a relation and was not sorry with my choice. The airplane was immaculate and the cabin crew were all beautifully dressed, very polite and attentive to everyone's needs. Pillow, blanket,・"
"2439" "I had one of the best flying experience ever and I've been flying for over 20 years. The plane was a newer plane which was beautiful on the inside. It combined new tech gear and gadgets with LED lighting and a window that you could tint to darken it.  The staff was very・"
"2440" "Excellent. Loved it. Very spacious sitting area. Excellent service during the whole flight. You can,t fault anything."
"2441" "Due to issue with connection once in Incheon, we were switched to Korean Air from Asiana.  Cabin crew were ultra polite and professional.  Once we landed in Incheon, we were met at gate by a staff member and were escorted to our connection counter.  Luckily, due to a delay in・"
"2442" "Good 50 minute flight and we were served a drink and a muffin, and when I wanted to get another drink the crew made it there priority to get me one, which me feel very welcomed and like the passengers are the priority, which is what you want on a flight."
"2443" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2444" "Great service and very pleasant staff who'm were very polite. Pilot did a good job landing in turbulence and yet again had a good trip with Korean Airlines."
"2445" "It was my first time flying International and moreover flying SOLO !!! So one can imagine how many questions I must have had for the staff! :P  The crew and ground staff were polite, courteous and willing to help. They had good service and ammenities inside the aircraft as well・"
"2446" "I have a soft spot for Korean Air and I have always enjoyed visiting South Korea.  Seoul (Incheon) is a good airport and is pretty easy to get around.  Every time I fly this route there is always a long (12-15 hours) layover in Seoul on the way back.  Going over is quick and・"
"2447" "Seats are comfy with good inflight entertainment, which had decent kids movies and adult movies. Crew were friendly and food service was quick and nice. All in all a good experience with Korean Air"
"2448" "I fly business class internationally a lot. This carriers scores high in all areas and on a par with Cathay.   Boarding was timely and prompt both at ord and incheon. You are met with smiling nicely dressed and friendly aircrew. What a change from the day to day ugly US fare.   ・"
"2449" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2450" "I have flown from Toronto to Manila and back over the years using Northwest (acquired later by Delta),Air Canada, Cathay Pacific. One thing is for sure. The staff of Korean Air are one of the nicest and patient airline workers. They always serve with a smile and do not show・"
"2451" "We are frequent fliers and travel a few times a year from Brisbane to Europe. We chose Korean air for a relatively  quick travel time. We used them more than 24 times already.. But we are very disappointed with the changes in the food selection. Very very poor awful food! Cold,・"
"2452" "Our trip to Seoul is planned for a 3 night 4 day, I had planned to travel by night (early morning 1:30am ) sleep during flight and we can start our day in Seoul, and we can fully use the 4day.  That kinda of wishful thinking/planning.  It was our 1st night flight. The flight・"
"2453" "Seats are small and food was terrible. Have no clue what some of it was. Korean flight attendants can't speak any English. Thai attendants from Seoul to Bangkok are nice and can speak English. TSA in Seoul are very stupid and annoying. Wheelchairs there are for babies."
"2454" "excellent services overall. definitely a good choice when having to fly long haul. they have got really friendly crews who are always very helpful. in addition, the A380 plane was just cozy. foods on the planes are not bad as well and most importantly, punctuality is the key・"
"2455" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2456" "I'm a regular traveller on Korean air but my recent experience on ICN BKK route was very different to the friendly and hospitable Korean air I am used to. The service level was poor as well on top of the unfriendly staff at the boarding gate. "
"2457" "One of the best airlines out of Nadi if not the best highly recommended. The service was amazing even though the flight was full. "
"2458" "Ive chosen this airline a number of times now and they never disappoint! In fact, my last trip was even better!  I normally fly Singapore or Emirates, but the last few times I chose Korean Air! I joked around the first time, saying I was booking my \"chicken flights\" as there is・"
"2459" "I always try to fly with Korean Air if I have that option  Food is better than most airlines and flight attendants are always there to help"
"2460" "Wonderful, attentive service. This was my first time flying with Korean Airlines and I was very impressed! The plane itself was a bit older, however the seats were comfortable, they provided softer-than-normal airplane blankets and pillows, good food, and non-stop drink service."
"2461" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2462" "First time flying Korean Air. A very enjoyable experience; a short stop over in Seoul and on to Sydney. Excellent service with very helpful and courteous staff."
"2463" "It was my first time to fly Korean Airline. I was not sure how the service would be. I'm impressed with everything. Highly recommended !! The staff at the check-in both Las Vegas and Bangkok were very good and very helpful... gave us the right direction when we have extra weight・"
"2464" "helpful staff at ticket counter in the airport, seat and cabin spacious, wonderful experience throughout the flight."
"2465" "The air hostess were really friendly and i am glad to have traveled with them on such a far destination."
"2466" "My wife and I flew to Seoul from Sydney in economy on the A380 and it was a great experience.By no means not our first flight overseas but the crew were great ,service and meals a plenty.We were in the very last row downstairs and there was plenty of room compared to others we・"
"2467" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2468" "I fly Korean Air every time I can, because they provide the best flight experience. Brand new airplanes, modern and spacious. But the best is the service, their flight attendants are well trained, so friendly and helpful. They do a fantastic job at attending to your needs and・"
"2469" "good service,food very good and smoothly run it was a great airline everytime i travel i always go korean air."
"2470" "It was my first class experience and I enjoyed a lot so at the end of the flight I don't wanna get out of it. Food was great and had enough sleep!"
"2471" "The travelling with Korean Air is always very pleasant. The stuardesses are very attentive. Offered choice of food and drins is very good. Infotainment offers films in Korean, German, English, Russian, Chineese languages."
"2472" "Another airline that I have over 400,000 miles with. KAL has always had excellent service, food, and entertainment in economy class. I am not wealthy so when I fly it is mostly economy but have flown with KAL numerous times business class. No matter which class you are the・"
"2473" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2474" "Pros:  Great Staff. Food is good.   Cons:  Legroom, which is always an issue unless you travel first class."
"2475" "Too bad Korean airline direct service from GRU (Sao Paulo / Brazil) has been terminated  Excellent service n Korean Air espcialy for such a long flight  in flight slippers/ tooth brush etc  flight attendants are very service oriented and nice  it was a treat to fly with this・"
"2476" "Had booked a flight from DPS to JFK with a 45 minute layover. Unfortunately, Korean Air took it upon themselves to move up the 2nd flight by 5 minutes (months after ticket was purchased and competing tickets were higher priced), leaving the layover too short to qualify for the・"
"2477" "First time flying Korean Air (SYD-ICN-TLV-ICN-SYD).  Check-in was quick. Ground crew helpful with assisting elderly mother who I traveled with. No issues with service from cabin crew, all were warm and polite. I tried a Korean dish and I didn't like it and cabin crew were happy・"
"2478" "It's my 4th time to fly with this airline and never fails me. It's very comfortable and the staff is very courteous and helpful. My son had a toothache that time and the attendant comes back with medicine for my son asap.  I love their ice cream dessert. Had a good rest too・"
"2479" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2480" "I flew with Korean air from Amsterdam through Seoul to Sydney and back and it was really great. The in-flight entertainment system, the service, the food (you're basically eating the entire flight) and the comfort were all very good. You even get a toothbrush and slippers during・"
"2481" "Flying Korean is always a pleasure.  Business Lounge in Nadi is OK, can grab a shower if needed and the food is reasonable.  Few places to charge lap tops, furniture a bit dated. Flight to Seoul was smooth and comfortable.  Flat bed, plenty of storage and nice travel kit and・"
"2482" "Flight left on time and the flight attendants were so kind and helpful. I enjoyed the private Business Class compartment which was almost like Emirates. The food was plentiful and very excellent! The red wine and vodka was superb. I was even able to sleep for a few hours, which・"
"2483" "This was an overnight flight that left at 1:30a. It was delayed in boarding but arrived on time. There was only a small snack and no drinks. I was expecting dinner and at least some wine. But, service was minimal. The flight attendants were very nice and the plane was・"
"2484" "I took the long flight Syd - JFK return on Korean in November. It is an out of the way route but I chose it because I got the flight entirely on points. I was surprised at how good the airline was. The planes were new A380s with more space around the seats than I have had・"
"2485" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2486" "First time on Korean Air because Delta cancelled and the service was 1000 times better than Delta plus the seat was also much more comfortable. Will use them again on Asia travels highly recommended!!"
"2487" "I booked seats in Prestige Class on Korean Air for my recent trip to Seoul and then Saigon.  I was excited to fly the A380 for the first time and was not let down by my experience aboard flight KE018 out of LAX to ICN. The service provided by the crew is very good.  Their level・"
"2488" "Excellent service.vEry helpful crew.Helped me out with veggie options even when I hadn't ordered a special meal."
"2489" "The short flight (5-6 hours) was great. Seats are very comfortable with USB chargers. In flight food and drinks are good."
"2490" "We joined the Sky team ie Korean are \"in bed\" with several other airlines including Air France (the best we have flown with) Our last flights were from Sydney to Paris return via Incheon (South Korea) The first leg on an A300 330 and the second on the very comfortable 4 engined・"
"2491" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2492" "Being allergic to eggs in any form ,special meal requests are being made before the travel, which was forgiotten before hand & was requested at the time of Check in.  to my surprise, it wasnt only catered to but also the message was given on the onward flight & also for the・"
"2493" "1 hour flight, but the cabin crew managed to serve linch and beverages. The flight attendants are extremely polite, very attentive to any requests. They created absolutely nice atmosphere on board. High class, guys!"
"2494" "Friendly & helpful staffs are giving us very good impression.  The staff in Check-in counter is tried her best & managed to get the side-by-side seating for us. Flight attendants are always walk around to give helps to passengers. Thank you for the good experience you all had・"
"2495" "There is a definite \"service with a smile\" on this airline! Clean, comfortable, but the service was the surprise."
"2496" "I really enjoyed my Korean Air flight. Everything was perfect! I even loved how the pretty cabin stewardess' hair accessories!"
"2497" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2498" "The first class cabin on this airline is excellent.  Not only are the pods comfortable, but so are the feather beds and linens they provide.  I love having the full screen television with lots of movie selections as well.  The food was better than a lot of restaurants, and・"
"2499" "Flying Korean Air on 2 legs of my trip in 2011 was not memorable. I was constantly roused from my sleep just to raise the back of my seat and buckle my seatbelt almost every hour with turbulence. I ended up losing sleep and jet-lagged. I was also not offered alcoholic beverage・"
"2500" "They are very organized. Staff are friendly. Food is good. Entertainment library has alot of varieties."
"2501" "Well 12:10am departure means midnight plus ten minutes on the day of departure, it doesn't mean you have all day to do stuff on the day of departure and then get to the airport at midnight.  So we missed the plane and didn't realize we missed it until mid morning.  I blame the・"
"2502" "I use Korean air not first time and always get first class service. Staff is extremely polite and skilled. High quality food and drinks. I loved it"
"2503" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2504" "large space for legs,nice staff, fresh meals,saw a good movie.Felt like home.. The staff is very hardworking"
"2505" "We couldn't be happier with every aspect of our trip on Korean Airlines. The Kosmo Suites were very comfortable and private. The service was attentive and delightful. Th food was great. There was absolutely no turbulence during the almost 14 hour flight because of the route over・"
"2506" "It was our fist time to travel going to Los Angeles, California, so we decided to take Korean Air because of it affordable flight, convenient flight schedule and available flight from New York to Manila.  We had a stop over in Seoul.  Although our departure from Manila was・"
"2507" "I initially had doubts flying this airline because of the length of the flight going to the U.S. but it turns out the service was very good. The seats are comfortable and they provide slippers for the long haul flight. Food was average though. The flight attendants were very・"
"2508" "It's been my preferred choice of airline every time I flew to Seoul for the past 3 yrs. Although it's only a yearly activity, I've always been impressed with the standard that the airline had kept up with. Especially when you could check in with more convenience at Seoul Station・"
"2509" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2510" "I pay bit more but I prefer direct flight over connecting flight whenever I can find it.  The Korean Air flight attendants are always pleasant and professional.  With 14.5 hour flight to Korea, KAL gives you two meals and couple of snacks, when many US airlines are either・"
"2511" "This was my first time flying with Korean Air and my experience was OKAY, at best. Not great, but not terrible. I visit Vietnam about twice a year and have always flown Eva. The only reason I chose Korean Airlines this time was because I wanted to go directly to Da Nang instead・"
"2512" "Friendly service on board and transfer at incheon airport very good.Airline offers free sideseeing trip in your stopover time."
"2513" "That was my first flight with Korean Air, it was almost 9 hours flight, but really the service was good, all the time service, good movies and nice food."
"2514" "The plane is staffed with courteous attendants who would go out of their way to please customers. They are always ready to assist passengers with their most basic needs and give out service with a smile. The food choices are good and delicious. In between snacks are provided and・"
"2515" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2516" "I was late getting into SFO .. But thanks to the Very Nice people at the Korean Desk I made My Flight . They gave me a Chance to Rest and get My Shoes and Belt on . They then put Me in the priority Line as they could see how tired I was . The flight was Smooth and the Airplane・"
"2517" "A short but very pleasant flight. It has been more than 5-6 years since I flew Korean Air. The service is still top notch as I remembered and the food is decent. Even it was a short flight, but we had the lay flat seats in business class. The cost was comparable to the Chinese・"
"2518" "This is an airline that does most everything right.   The positives: Leaves promptly per schedule.  Baggage handled flawlessly.  Flight attendants are spotlessly groomed, uniforms pressed, and the whole staff could have been cloned.  Airplanes are new, and squeaky clean inside・"
"2519" "first time I travelled with Korean, compared to others I used before on the Asia Europe routes, I was extremly positivly surprised by the friendliness of the stuff, the efficiency and general quality as well at the Incheon airport as on the flight. Will certainly come back"
"2520" "Clean,friendly flight crew, Food served very often. Love Seoul Airport. Comfortable seating. Just needed more legroom on economy class."
"2521" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2522" "Comfortable seating, boarding is quick and painless, meals are decent, and the airline staff is always friendly and accommodating. I recommend Korean Air over all others."
"2523" "Very comfortable flight in the new A380.  Spacious Aircraft even in Economy.  Delicious food.  Courteous Staff."
"2524" "I have been using Korean Air service once or twice a year for past 15 or so years. Clean, efficient."
"2525" "I thought it was pretty decent and service by the staff were very good. Always smiling and accommodating. Prices are cheaper compared to the other airlines. Not a bad choice."
"2526" "This was another amazing flight with Korean Air. The Staff are so friendly and helpful, leg room is good, on board entertainment is good and I really enjoyed the hot pizza snack on the longer flight. I have always enjoyed flying with Korean Air!"
"2527" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2528" "Korean Air specializes in domestic flights from Seoul Gimpo Airport to Jeju Airport. No lunch was served on board, so do please remember to dine before going onboard their Boeing 737. No entertainment was on board, so the whole flight ( which lasted for only 1 hour) was quite・"
"2529" "I'm not a great fan of Korean Air for economy travel. The website never let's me check in online and too frequently I can't get an aisle seat by the time I check in at the airport. Seating is standard for economy and service extremely courteous, but I'm not a great fan of the・"
"2530" "The attendants were attentive and did offer enough water  the food we bring on board which is better.. Enough leg room without annoying boxes under the seats. It is a long way and directions not clear to cross the airport to the next  connecting flight. we were dissapointed with・"
"2531" "I go to the Philippines once a year and most time I fly with Korean Airlines. Last year I did not, what a difference!  The flights with Korean are always smooth and the seats are spaced more apart for extra comfort even in Economy class.  Recently I had a fall (before my trip)・"
"2532" "The good: Food was tasty.  Lots of entertainment options on the seat-back displays.  Stewardesses are beautiful, and actually \"try\" to be nice.  Not so good: plane was too warm inside.  Not enough restrooms."
"2533" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2534" "I was treated as an interloper. The service was noticeably better for Asian passengers. I will only use this airline in the future if it is the only choice! That said, the airport lounge in Seoul is terrific."
"2535" "I have used Koran airline services quite a few time, traveling from Honolulu to Korea to Bangkok or Honolulu to Narita. The service is great, the food for me is okay. Small portion but suitable for us Asian. If you're used to bigger portion like what we have in the USA, might・"
"2536" "One of the best airlines I ever flied - perfect service, nice and helpful personell, various food and drinks of great quality. Seats are comfortable and there's so much space that you could even forget you travel ecomony. The airline with a style."
"2537" "Flew to 4 different countries in Asia and I must confess, this flight was amazing!!! There certainly is room for improvement in the choice / quality of food served but overall, great airline."
"2538" "Considerably cheaper than other options available at time of booking. Had to stay one night in Seoul, but this was fully paid for by the airline and was actually a bonus in our opinion. Only niggle was that whether or not the compulsory overnight stop would be free was not・"
"2539" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2540" "When I first flew with Korean Air, I was impressed by the quality of their services. Well over a decade later, Korean Air still impresses me with their services throughout my very affordable LAX>GRU>LAX roundtrip flight. Seats comfortable, snacks upon request throughout the・"
"2541" "Overall my trip on this airline was fantastic, from the customer service to the food it was all great. Again I did set up in business class so there's a few more amenities from what I could remember you have your own TV and movie screen that you can watch many selected movies・"
"2542" "Korean Air is one of the few \"real\" airlines that flies in and out of Ulaanbaatar.  They depart on time, and provide good service en route.  Staff are courteous and attentive, and I usually enjoy the flight.   In the past the airline has been very particular about luggage and・"
"2543" "Flew round trip from Seoul to Bangkok. Korean air always provides excellent service and cabin crew is extremely helpful. I've preordered seafood (so-so, general food was better) and special kids meal - spagetti with meatballs - it was delicious, my daugher ate a lot. In-flight・"
"2544" "Me, my hubby and 2 kids travelled to Seoul and back to Singapore by Korean Air. We had never heard of it before but the experience was just awesome. The airhostess are very good and whenever my kids cried, they approached us to rock the kids by moving in the flight. They・"
"2545" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2546" "Flew round trip from LAX to Hanoi, through Seoul.   Every aspect of the flight from booking, to picking up my bags was smooth.  I had a long layover in Seoul and was able to go into downtown Seoul for the night before heading back to the airport the next afternoon for my long・"
"2547" "I've flown with Korean Air several times and they always give a good service. The cabin crews are always helpful."
"2548" "When Korean Air's adds say that their priority is service, they are telling the truth.  Our original flight to Seoul was changed to Korean Air when the Delta reservation system crashed, and its sad but I was very happy for the change.  I've reviewed Delta, and they are good. ・"
"2549" "LOTS OF LEG ROOM - and on a 14 hour flight that is so important.  The staff are friendly and helpful and they keep the bathrooms spotless.  The food choices are Western and Korean, nice.    Also they give you SLIPPERS, a toothbrush, toothpaste and eye-mask.  And, when you are・"
"2550" "We were traveling from Montreal to Siem Reap with two stops (Toronto and Seoul) on our way for a trip in Cambodia and Vietnam.  We were supposed to take an other company, but ended with Korean Air and I have to say it was great from beginning to end!  The plane was big enough,・"
"2551" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2552" "The food is tasty in my opinion and they feed you about 3 times during the long direct flight. The crew was very professional and helpful. The movies, tv shows, games, music available for free was great. Some recent stuff too and enough of it to keep you occupied for hours (much・"
"2553" "Our trip to and from Vietnam took about 24 hours. It was long and for me with sciatica, difficult. The seat was comfortable. The staff was attentive. Food was good and beverages came as needed. A wheelchair met me at each terminal and the flight attendants helped with my・"
"2554" "My wife and I flew for the first time on Korean Airlines and we were not disappointed. The staff was very friendly and the plane ride was smooth for our lengthy journey. The highlight was definitely the plentiful food offerings throughout the flight. Especially being vegetarian,・"
"2555" "The servicing is very good. Providing one proper meal and 2 time snacks. Stewardess was very polite and the seats I got at the emergency exit is very big and the entertainments are updated with the latest movies."
"2556" "On both our flight to Seoul and return flights to kuala lumpur services on board was good.   Like to mention that the leg space in economy class is comfortable for my family of four who are above average height. Except for the air conditioner which we feel is not cold enough・"
"2557" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2558" "Flying internationally can be overwhelming but with Korean Air it's always a nice flight. The ability to get up and walk around is nice and not a problem with the stewards. I always try to use this airline whenever possible because of the legroom they provide."
"2559" "I have travelled many times to Seoul & Ulsan, South Korea, by Korean Air from Chicago. Even thou it is 14.5 Hrs flight, the neatness of the plane, comfortable business class seats and the service with every detail in mind makes my trip not exhaustive."
"2560" "Korean Air was very good. Excellent service. Good Korean meals. Room between seat rows was pretty good. TV monitors with lots of choices at each seat. It was sometimes difficult to understand announcements even when they were speaking English."
"2561" "The Korean Air economy class is excellent value. Travelling from Australia to the UK is a long haul at my age (60) but let me tell you the stop over in Seoul is absolutely brilliant. I suffered no jet lag with a good sleep in a first rate hotel half way there. Also we had a・"
"2562" "I have traveled many times, and this was really a surprise for me,it seemed small, but was not, meals well something like Kimchee, or Australian, Australian please, mmm, very good, what surprised me more than anything was the cleanliness, every time someone used the toilets, in・"
"2563" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2564" "We flew from Seattle to Seoul, stayed for 10 days, then flew from Seoul to Tokyo, then eventually to HI, all on Korean Air. The stewardesses and stewards, the food and the free in flight entertainment were all excellent. They even provided blankets, pillows and slippers for・"
"2565" "We have been flying with Korean whenever we travelled to the Far East. The service is great, the food is consistent (and one of the few airlines that asks how you would like your steak prepared) and now the brand new business class which offers semi-private suites. Can't wait to・"
"2566" "Took Korean Air this time, used economy and it was great, seats are comfortable and plenty of space, great food and great people. Their A380 also amazing."
"2567" "I have flown on Korean Air many times. Overall I give this airline 4 stars. The quality of the service is much better than any North American or European airline I have flown on.The flight attendants are generally polite."
"2568" "we were supposed to fly with czech airlines to seoul however their sole aircarft A330 operating this route was broken for two weeks. unofrtunatelly our travel date (outbound) fell on this period. however their partner - korean air - sent a B777 instead and we got that lucky to・"
"2569" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2570" "Great service! Good Smiles! Excellent in-flight dining! I enjoyed the long flight and was lucky enough to have empty seat on both sides. I was particularly impressed by the flight crew..they kept passengers well  informed of the flight route throughout the flight."
"2571" "Korean Air seems to have more seat/leg space than most other airlines (in economy).  Flight attendants are consistently helpful and considerate.  Aircraft/seat area is clean.  Bathrooms are tended to by flight attendants routinely.  My experience with their being on time for・"
"2572" "We had return ticket long flight from HCM - SEOUL - SEATTLE - PDX - SEATTLE - SEOUL - HCM. The Flight time is 19 hrs / trip. All AirCrafts were safe, clean, comfortable. The service was excellent. The meal was very good. Drink and snack was more than enough. Overall were very・"
"2573" "I have to give it to this airline.  They really know how to take care of their customers.  The flight attendants are awesome and the service is great.  The in-flight entertainment system is really good.  You get a 10\" screen with lots of options.  The headset is included.  You・"
"2574" "Note flightnumber is a codeshare but flight was operated by Korean Air. Flight was on time and the cabin crew efficiently got everone seated in a very polite manner. Seat and interior was nice and ion flight entertainement was good. As it was a overnigth flight there was not a・"
"2575" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2576" "Very nice flight to and from Atlanta to Seoul.  Good service on a Boeing 777 with good food, too.  Wish there was a little more padding in the seats!"
"2577" "Korean Air is now one of our favorite airlines.  There was so much room in economy class you almost thought you were in business class.  The flight attendants were smartly dressed and were very attentive and nice.  The plane was incredibly clean and the attendants cleaned the・"
"2578" "Wonderful flight from Sydney to Seoul with few passengers.  Flight Attendants out numbered passengers 2-1 in Business Class.  Short layover before another great flight to LAX.  Service was outstanding even on such long flights.  Very comfortable seats that reclined to a flat bed."
"2579" "My husband and I often return to the US to visit family and one of the best ways is to fly Korean Air to Washington DC via Seoul, South Korea. The service and attention to passenger needs is wonderful. There are frequent snacks, plus a choice of Western or Korean food for meals.・"
"2580" "Korean Air was incredible. The flights were on time and extremely comfortable. My seat went from a recliner to a fully horizontal position with my own tv screen. There was also a screen were you watch the flight from cameras outside the plane. The food was excellent and plenty・"
"2581" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2582" "I liked the services on the flight. It was a lot better than Canada Air. Why? I think the seats were comfortable and clean, I liked they give you headphones so you could watch shows they provide on the long flight, the food was good, the flight attendant were really nice and did・"
"2583" "My trip consisted of flights from San Francisco to Incheon, then on to Bangkok, Thailand.  Then return about two weeks later.  As always, the service is excellent on Korean Airlines.  The meals are very good with good choices and genuine metal spoon/fork/knife.  The number of・"
"2584" "The service was attentive without being intrusive, always with a smile. Flight attendants look immaculate from beginning to end, always glad to be of service  The food selection is bad, and very, very limited. For first class, it is more like coach food."
"2585" "My 10 year old son thought the movie selection was great. I found enough to keep me entertained as well. He liked the gifts for kids. He didn't like the food much. I liked that they brought liquids around fairly often so I didn't end up as dehydrated."
"2586" "Found their service to be excellent.  I have flow with most carriers to Asia over the last 15 years, and found Korean to be as good as any of them.  Seoul's Korean Air rest area was fantastic.  A great place to rest, shower and freshen up...."
"2587" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2588" "Excellent flight and service. Pity, the Delta legs are not up to Korean Air. Good food, plenty of leg room, movies - not great, but attendants were caring and helpful."
"2589" "This is the second round trip we have taken from DFW to Asia on Korean Air.  The service depends on the aircraft. The seats, TV's on Priority class on a 747 are much better than the 777-200. The 747's have large TV's, more separation between seats and a panel that can be raised・"
"2590" "We are traveling from Vienna to Auckland. We have one stop in Seul, waiting for another plane just 3 hours. Personal in both planes was very nice staff, food was ok, TV, radio worked perfect, .... We have had very nice fly."
"2591" "I love flying with Korean Air because you get the service as you'd expect when you pay so much to go onboard. The flight attendants are well-trained for being friendly, professional, and service-focused. Sometimes you feel bad for them being too nice to those ill-mannered・"
"2592" "Some Korean Airlines tickets are actually on JIN AIR - which is a very different kind of airline.  Korean Air is a great full service airline.  JIN AIR is not the same kind of thing: it's a low-end no-frills operator with a much smaller seat-pitch and extra-charges for pretty・"
"2593" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2594" "My wife and I were flying to Manila to watch her youngest Son get Married. Our boarding was very smooth and orderly and it wasn't long until all were seated and ready to go. There was only minimum wait until we launched into the wild blue yonder. First order was reaching・"
"2595" "First class professional service all the way. They care and really take care of all needs.  Staff was very friendly."
"2596" "The check in is fine, the limo transfer from Seol international airport to Seol gimpo domestic airport is fine but the immigration checks and delays are a nightmare. The airline themselves are great, old world politeness and service plus air miles coupled to Emirates airlines"
"2597" "Services was good, check-in was not bad up to baggage claim. The seat we reserved on line was good since we are not so far from the comfort room. The flight attendants were helpful and were always smiling & the least is I didn't like is the food 'cause maybe I wasn't use to it."
"2598" "Wasn't expecting a high class standart flight for this short distance. Personal is very polite and nice and we even got some food - the flight was only 1,5h short."
"2599" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2600" "Easy online check-in and seat selection. Vegetarian meal excellent. Stopover hotel was so good. Arrived destination ready to travel. Love Korean Air."
"2601" "Korean Air provided good service, clean well presented aircraft, but quite average in most areas.  Flights were delayed and departure updates were not clearly provided.  Food and inflight services were very average."
"2602" "Coach seats have good legroom and quite comfortable, especially on the A380.  FA's very attentive and kind.  Food OK, need a little more Western variety since flying to US but otherwise good.  OY flights"
"2603" "On my way to have business trip / training. A good 6 hours flight experience. They provide a luggage-drop counter both in Jakarta and Incheon, Seoul. Which is very helpful, since you dont have to take a long queue (in Jakarta airport, this could be helpful). The in-flight・"
"2604" "Our group members of the pilgrimage to Naju were grateful that we didn't have a hard time  to check in at the counter of Korean airlines, bcoz the staffs were very helpful and they can speak English as well. They were considerate on our check in  baggage with a small extra kilos・"
"2605" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2606" "I've been flying Korean Air for over a year now and they have never left or landed on time.  They are usually over priced too.  But, they offer non-stop service to most of the places I need to fly."
"2607" "The crews look very busy and also even the passengers. Taking lunch meal, completing embarking/disembarking card, buying duty free items, and so on. But I relaxed a little bit with short sleep."
"2608" "I flew Korean Air for the First time and was booked Business Class.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The service was excellent both on the ground and in the air.  The only slight disappointment for me was the first leg (which is the longest leg) of my journey home from London when・"
"2609" "My husband and I have travelled to Auckland once or twice a year for the past 6 years. We used to fly Emirates but they have got very expensive and we couldn't justify spending the price they wanted.  We decided to try Korean Air and were pleasantly surprised. Very attentive・"
"2610" "It was awesome flight ~~ I had a family trip to Madrid, Spain and took Korean Air. This Flight was long time(12 Hours) but so sweet and food was nice. In flight service was perfect. I enjoyed music and nice newest movies in flight."
"2611" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2612" "We went on a flight to San Fran and found Korean Airline pleasant but missing a few things like several alcoholic drinks.  The Tip Is: When the FA only gives you one drink with your meal simply ask for another. They always say yes to the second and third drink as they want to・"
"2613" "My travel agent recommended this Airline because my husband has a back injury and she thought if the trip was split up it wouldn't be so hard on him. The flight we had left at 8.30 am and arrived at Inchon airport at 5.30 pm. We had a stop over at Seoul, accommodation and meals・"
"2614" "You know that an airline is good when, two weeks before departure your Travel agent rings to say that the flight has been cancelled BUT if you choose to fly a day earlier the company will offer you two free nights accommodation in one of the airport hotels. That was our・"
"2615" "I've been flying back and forth between Japan and the US for 20years, and I ALWAYS fly Korean Air.  Of all the airlines I've flown they are hands down the best.  From the time I walk up to the check-in desk at Kansai International Airport in Osaka to the time I walk off the・"
"2616" "The motto for Korean Air is \"Excellence in Flight\". In the past few years I've flown more than 300,000 miles on KE including this flight, a return leg, and I would wholeheartedly endorse that motto. The cabin crew members are always kind and extremely helpful, irrespective of・"
"2617" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2618" "Legroom is superb, food is okay, flight attendants are accommodating and pretty too! :), travel is smooth! Best so far! :D"
"2619" "Wonderful airline, runs to time traveled 6 times from NZ to EUROPE. Stopover in Seoul Very comfortable, lovely pool and so near and easy for the airport. Checkin for onward flight can be done in the hotel,"
"2620" "Flew recently with Korean Air to London, had an overnight in Incheon. The airline put us up in a gorgeuos hotel for the night and offered a free city tour. The staff are really friendly and can't do enough for you. Will fly with Korean again in future."
"2621" "This plane was practically new and super modern. Seats were lie flat and being upstairs provided lots of privacy. Great food and service and on time. Seats are staggered to provide aisle access for all which made communicating with your seat neighbor a little awkward."
"2622" "We flew with Korean air via Seoul to Vancouver last year. We do so like to avoid LAX at all costs. The only glitch was an impossibly short plane swap in Seoul. Due to taxiing issues, we had less than thirty minutes to swap planes and we had to pass through security again. We・"
"2623" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2624" "The staff is so professional and courteous in their Tiffany blue outfits. I appreciated how each seat had a Brand new blanket pillow and toothbrush and toothpaste for each seat. Also the slippers were great. Food and drink were fantastic and unlimited. Even when I slept through・"
"2625" "Korean Air is an under rated excellent airline for both business class and economy.  I have flown JAL, ANA, Asiana, AMERICAN, UNITED, DELTA, emirates, qatar, qnatas, cathay pacific, air china, EVA, singapore, finair, BA, lufthansa, china eastern etc., long haul and Korean Air is・"
"2626" "This is a red eye flight on a 773ER and the only direct flight to Asia from Las Vegas.  Check-in was very easy, and we whisked by security rather quickly.  The premium lounge used in Las Vegas was sub-par with a couple choices of sandwiches and drinks. The Kosmo first class・"
"2627" "On my latest trip on Korean Airlines I was pleasantly surprised.  The food, service and the product had gotten much better.  The 747-8i was a newer plane so we were able to try out the Kosmo Suite 2.0 which has the privacy doors.  For a leading airline, I am surprised they don't・"
"2628" "It is a well equipped airline with a high class lounge in Seoule but needs more attention to customers especially in serving drink as seems slow in service. That gives wrong signals  An airline that looks after clients well by central office that answers queries respectfully and・"
"2629" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2630" "When you have a Business Class seat you expect a lot from an Airline. The plane was an old 747 with old seats and, although the staff is super polite, there wasn't so much of choice for meals. All in all a positive experience but, I was expecting more."
"2631" "aside from Qantas, this is the best airline I have flown with. on a long haul flight to Europe they put you up in the Airport Hyatt overnight, feed you, shuttle you back and get you on your way. great entertainment selection, eastern and western food options (both are great) and・"
"2632" "i flew round trip from Manila to Incheon and Incheon to Manila and both of my flights were scheduled very early in the morning (the former just past midnight, the latter is around 8am). they made everything so comfortable esp with my midnight flight since they provided blankets・"
"2633" "Fabulous from the word go!  We booked over the phone as our flights were a little complicated.  The reservation assistant was very patient and knowledgeable about all the airlines products and services.  We were given extra leg room, provided free hotel and transfer, as our・"
"2634" "This was my first trans-pac flight so I have nothing to compare it to. Our A-380 had no air vent at each seat. The cabin temperature was miserably warm and stuffy. On the plus side the food was quite good and both the food and beverage service were pleasingly frequent on the 13+・"
"2635" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2636" "We took advantage of a very reasonable business class fare from Australia via Seoul to Seattle.  Service was very good, we had very comfortable flat beds, there was a choice of western and Asian foods (I enjoy trying Asian) so we would happily fly with them again."
"2637" "I felt like I was a prisoner. My husband was in business class which by the way was empty and they refused to let me speak to him for 14 hours. Here is one of numerous examples: . A passenger spilled soup all over me and then her kid kicked me 3 times and the flight attendant・"
"2638" "It took a heck of a long time in transit from Nairobi to Sydney through Seoul but boy did I have an adventure on my flight! Had my first try of seaweed soup and sticky rice and to my surprise I loved it! This was maybe aided by my Korean neighbor next to me whom I'd just met-she・"
"2639" "This airline is excellent, stewardesses are very friendly, the food is outstanding, and the seating is very comfortable. We flew round trip from Seattle to Korea. They have a wide variety of food on their menu for everyone."
"2640" "Chef LeeZ Thai Cooking Class Bangkok and crew was on this flight as a substitution  flight from our Delta airlines flight (inter airlines co-operation). We were not informed of the substitution. Lucky for us it was the same gate and time as we were name called to board the・"
"2641" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2642" "Better than expected service,onward aircraft was neat and clean and fairly new,while on return leg the craft was a bit old. Service was better than expected,food was excellent and got the special meal ordered.IFE is good ,and can be better with more choices like more・"
"2643" "Took a trip Riyadh-Incheon-Osaka, Nagoya-Incheon-Riyadh all with Korean Air and I can now say this is my favorite airline! I liked the ambiance inside the plane, it was cool, spacious, and the crew were super nice (and pretty). During my long haul flight, I got the entire row to・"
"2644" "First time flying with Korean Airway and was impressed with service and great Business Class lay flat beds. Will use them again...<U+0001F642> From check in to onboard service as well as the business class lounges in both Vancouver and Seoul were very good with both having shower・"
"2645" "My fiancee and I are extremely satisfied with Korean Air. this is the first time we took Korean Air and we are very impressed with them.  Legroom - Very spacious! Service - Cabin crew always serve with a smile. I can really feel that they are very sincere when serving us. Food -・"
"2646" "Their value for money is outstanding. The service is the most efficient and respectful I have ever encountered. Cabin crew were immaculate from start to finish in appearance. Everything is done with a smile and nothing is too much trouble. The toilets are always clean and the・"
"2647" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2648" "I have flown on different airlines from the Bay Area and Las Vegas to the Philippines quite a few times on economy and I have, as of late, been a Korean airlines loyalist. Top on my list was the leg room; very roomy. Next is the toilet; always, and I mean, always, clean !! Then・"
"2649" "Every interaction with the folks at Korean Air was a true 'Excellence in Flight' experience. They make you feel really special and they do it in a professional, friendly manner. Check-in, no matter what the airport, is flawless. It is like they are trying to make the experience・"
"2650" "This was my first time flying on Korean Air.  First off I notice how professional everyone is. The plane was very clean and the bathrooms remained clean throughout the flights. I felt very comfortable on the flights on Korean Air. I say flights , because there were 4 flights I・"
"2651" "I did not think it had any special features that were striking about this airline. Service was ordinary, as was the food. The airline crew were a little abrasive, but in fairness their command of the English Language left little to be desired."
"2652" "I wish I had of started reviewing airlines last year, as I have only flown KAL once this year. I will say however, that whenever I have flown with KAL, the service has been outstanding. The business product is good, with everything you need. Lay flat beds, good amount of room,・"
"2653" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2654" "The service is always great and the seats are comfortable. The food is satisfactory and snacks are often given, which is always a plus for me!!"
"2655" "The service was really good despite the attitude of some crew members, which were not friendly at all. Some of them were clearly unable to smile and to speak proper English, which is inappropriate for an international company. But the food was quite good, the movie selection・"
"2656" "Ive flown Korean Air a few times - to the US and to the middle East. In the large new aircrafts the flight is generally very very good- the seats are not bad, service is very very good, the food- used to be better, recently its been less good than a few years ago. The lounge in・"
"2657" "Nothing out of the ordinary. Found it to be very similar to most airlines. During the drinks service found it to be quite odd that the trolley did not have any scotch or Whiskey. The hostess said she will have to get it for me and it took her 15 mins and a reminder to get one.・"
"2658" "The saga continues with check in at the airport.  Unfortunately, the credit card I have used to purchase the airline ticket was contaminated and was replaced with a different number by the bank.  Obviously, I cannot present the credit card when the counter attendant insisted.  I・"
"2659" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2660" "I wanted to personally thank the staff of Korean Airlines in Manila for the special support and assistance I received during my recent trip back to the US.  Your staff went over and beyond their duties to speed up my boarding process and to ensure I was able to board my flight・"
"2661" "We checked in in the city and it was extremely efficient. When we arrived at the airport we just had to go through security as we had cleared immigration. We headed to the Prestige lounge which was below standard in fact a little better than the public area downstairs. Kids were・"
"2662" "Everything went well from the check-in to the onboard service. Normally Korean Air uses the Qantas lounge but it was closed for renovation so I was directed to the Plaza Premium Lounge which was new and extremely pleasant. The flight attendants were friendly and unobtrusive.・"
"2663" "This was ,hands down, the best value I have ever received flying to Asia. 2 free checked bags was the 1st. surprise. My seat was comfortable, the crew was friendly and the food was surprisingly good.No extra charges for anything including drinks. The layover was pleasant with a・"
"2664" "Oh my goodness!! What top-class customer service!!! My flight was over 12 hours long but | don't regret one minute of it!! From the point of check-in, in-flight, and arrival, Korean Air takes the badge for BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE AIRLINE ever!!! There is so much food being fed on・"
"2665" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2666" "Amazed at how beautiful and clean it all is. Great service. Very nice staff. Food is very good. I really enjoyed this airline."
"2667" "I booked Korean Air because its was the least expensive option from Las Vegas to Thailand.  Most of the staff was great although the gentleman that checked me in at McCarran airport was a little smug when he told me that I would have to check my carry on bag because the COMBINED・"
"2668" "Excellent service, comfortable seats, Korean and European food, good choice of wines. Very attentive, friendly, elegant and high-professional stewardesses. It really helped on my long-distance flight!  Next time will try to fly with them again))"
"2669" "That his a great company whit such a good staff,on my trip from Melbourne to manila every body know it's a very long but with Korean airline they make you feel so good that the trip seems short, there his always some little attention and they make sure always ok,I add medication・"
"2670" "flying with Korean Airline Boeing 777-200 from toronto-Incheon was a relaxing longhaul flight , they offered tasty inflight meal and i choose bibimbap a korean famous food and it was good. friendly staff but they should speak good english accent for better understanding with non・"
"2671" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2672" "One of my favorite airlines to travel between Hawaii and Asia.    Keep in mind if you have a picky eating non-Korean kid, pre-ordered the kid meals on line.  The entertainment is good and the service crews are as expected and beyond."
"2673" "Flew on 2 Korean flights from Tokyo to Seoul and SEoul to Paris. The Seoul paris leg was upgraded to Business class, thanks for the nice service. Economy on Boeing777 are ok and as far as possible comfortable. Food in economy is only average, but the service is very friendly・"
"2674" "I have flown on Korean Air more than half a dozen times because it offers an excellent long haul service with good leg room, even in economy. I have never seen stewardesses on other airlines whip into the toilet after each use to make sure it is clean for the next passenger. The・"
"2675" "Everything was great with Korean Air!  From the check-in process, to the lounge, to the boarding process, to the flight, down to the food.  Granted, we were in business class and you do pay for everything to be great, but I have flown economy class with Korean Air and everything・"
"2676" "The longest journey i have taken but the most comfortable, valuable and fantastic that i have had. The cabin clue is the smartest, most organized, disciplined and professional team i have encountered.  I  was able to learn at least some 2 words- Simidaan- for thank you!."
"2677" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2678" "I like the Korean food, such as kimchi. Also the seat is comfortable with legfleet and I can sleep during the journey.   The remote control of the seat does not work but the flight attendant try their best to fix it.  Even the flight attendant of Cathay Pacific just simply・"
"2679" "I was with my daughter who is a special child. We took the trip from Dulles Airport to Incheon to Manila. I understand from the KE crew that they changed from a bigger plane to a smaller plane.  I was surprise when we were originally in the mid section of the plane seat and・"
"2680" "It's time to head back.  With our lay over in Incheon,  I was excited about this return trip.  I just needed to ask for a possible seat exchange from the ground  crew at the gate we are waiting at.  This time around, the female crew was so unfriendly and cut me off midsentence. ・"
"2681" "Good service with somes entertain during onboard. The flight attendants were cute and nice, even somes may seems looking alike to one another. The steward are willing to help as you need any assistant or ask them a question. Great service, but limited english for somes of the・"
"2682" "Wow, Korean Air is fantastic! We took this flight to move from Germany to Guam and luckily got upgraded to Business Class for the 10 hour flight, that was nothing short of AMAZING!   We were also moving our dog with us and he flew cargo with them. They were great from the・"
"2683" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2684" "The journey was a day flight and it is a pleasure flying with 777 Korean air. With proper flat beds and excellent service, it is always great to fly with Korean air.   The lounge in Seoul is bit crowded but have good service. Food onboard is good with couple of services for 6・"
"2685" "Great flight attendants, excellent service, and delicious Korean food! Even though it was a 14 hour flight!"
"2686" "The flight from Dallas to Seoul is super long (like 13+ hours) but the time passes with pretty good food service and fabulous entertainment.  we watched movie after movie, some first run good titles.  There was not much room at the back to hang out, which is a drawback since・"
"2687" "I usually use Korean Air for long overhaul flight to Asia because it usually offers the most competitive price and the comfort and service is as good as any other airline. There is always a stop-over at Incheon airport of a couple of hours or more.  Not as bad as you might think・"
"2688" "I've flown with Korean Air multiple times and they are excellent. Usually OK time, the food is quite good, and the staff are friendly.  You can eat your meal using real cutlery while you're watching or listening to something of your own choice.  However, steer clear of Pu Dong・"
"2689" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2690" "dont know that i would use this airline again seats are very small and cabin staff were unable to speak English if you are able to speak Korean service would be far higher level accommodation in Seoul was very good but did not make up for service or a pleasant trip regardless of・"
"2691" "We took several international flights with Korean Air and were more than pleased with the service. The planes were new, the seats didn't have huge craters in the centre from thousands of other passengers, the interior panels didn't rattle and we were fed real food (read hot・"
"2692" "With few exceptions, we have traveled economy class for more than 40 years.  It has gotten worse and worse over the decades, but Korean Air is the top of the economy heap.  Not as roomy as United's Economy Plus, but decent enough at the price.  (I am 5'8\", my wife is 5'5\".) ・"
"2693" "My trip was actually in January 2015, the dates wouldn't let me go back that far. The plane we were on was the Jumbo Jet and I say it was HUGE as I watch it taxi to the loading dock-not sure if that's what you call it lol! The trip was booked at capacity so it was packed. They・"
"2694" "Travelling on your own with a 7 month you look for hassle free. First impression lasted, no extra charge for choosing the front rows with bassinets. Plenty of bassinet seats as well. Adding to that a generous luggage allowance even in economy.  Checking in at Suvarnabhumi・"
"2695" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2696" "Me and my partner took KE668 from Chiang Mai to Seoul. It was a midnight departure so we arrived to check in at 9pm. Check in was smooth and efficient but oh my lord the Thai Air Business Lounge we had to use was shocking. Stale tuna sandwiches, and a small selection of・"
"2697" "The very best airline we have ever flown. The quality of the flight attendants far surpassed any airline I have flown.  The crew spoke multiple languages, they were smart, in shape, professional, uniform and attractive. The meals were awesome, seats very comfortable and the・"
"2698" "I flew with my wife from IDR-BOM-ICN-SEA and boarded KE 656 and KE 019 from and Incheon respectively. I was amazed to see the welcome onboard, hospitality to board the plane, arrive on seat and later in flight services during the flight. The hostess were so polite and kind to・"
"2699" "This was a 13 hour flight from Chicago to Seoul and then another 90 minutes from Seoul to Fukuoka.  Great plane! Roomy, clean and the service was impeccable.  Not all flight attendants spoke English, but hey, I was on a Korean airliner! None-the-less all the attendants were・"
"2700" "I was extremely pleased with the amount of leg room in economy on this airline. The flight was certainly made more comfortable for this reason. The service was good and so was the food. I would definitely say this is the best economy of any airline and would recommend it・"
"2701" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2702" "It was early morning flight to ICN, 08:50am. Check in was fine but the security check gate was not open till 7:45am even though we came to the airport 07:00am and even after check in, we could not get into the departure gate.  The food I got was better than what I expected.・"
"2703" "Like other East Asian airlines (Cathay, ANA, Singapore, Silk Air, etc.), Korean Airlines offers good service over European and American airlines.  Flight attendants are polite, patient, cheerful and attentive.  Incheon airport, like Changi and Narita, is spacious, clean, not・"
"2704" "We have flown with Korean Air return from Brisbane to various European destinations 5 times with another trip booked for later this year. We first chose them in 2011 because the fare was cheap and they included overnight accommodation en route .We had been paying for an・"
"2705" "Better than expected for an economy class, long trip (10h30) so tired but not too much painful ! Seats with extra leg places must be booked as fast as possible..."
"2706" "I have flown this airline 100% of the three years I spent in Mongolia. This airline never fails to impress. They are customer service friendly, usually on time, comfortable, and the best price around. I was flying about once per month and even managed to get enough miles to・"
"2707" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2708" "I have tried Korean Airline once before and this time I noticed that my feelings from the first time was correct. This is truly an excellent airline to travel with. Good service from friendly staff all the way from the check in until you leave the plane at your destination. I・"
"2709" "We sat in row 49 but our service was top notch.  The flight attendants are young, pretty and slim.  Their hair and uniform is impeccable.  I was pleasantly surprised that a meal was served despite it being a short flight from Japan to South Korea. They have good ear buds."
"2710" "The best long haul flight experience I have had.  Every step of the way was great.  From check-in to landing in Chicago.  The cabin crew was attentive, efficient and courteous.  The in-flight entertainment was some of the best I have had and the screen is nice and big.  The・"
"2711" "We flew Korean Air from Sydney to Rome then Milan to Sydney. If your flight times work in your favour, Korean will put you up in an airport hotel (an extremely nice hotel!) overnight. We had this available to us on our flight from Sydney to Rome. We left Sydney early in the・"
"2712" "We flew in Korean Air for all our trips to India, when i was working in Fiji.  First of all it is a very safe airline, don't be biased by all the reviews in wikipedia & airsafety etc. Flying in Business Class obviously has it's own perks, but believe me, the Business exp in・"
"2713" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2714" "Not having flown with Korean before I was very impressed by the courteous staff and exceedingly clean plane. Although just a very short flight the snack, a ham and salad roll was most enjoyable. Also had a beer, coffee and a Walker's shortbread."
"2715" "I have always enjoyed flying Korean Air. I enjoy their Business Class but this was An Economy flight. They always go out of their way to make you comfortable whether 1st Class or Economy My Flight KE672  was comfortable and their club lounge in Incheon was tastefully done with・"
"2716" "Korean Air was recommended to me by a friend who regularly travels this route. Dubious at first, I thought I would give them a go. Turned out to be one of the better trips I have had. We were able to stay overnight at Incheon Airport which greatly reduced jetlag when we arrived・"
"2717" "My hubby and I took the 1st leg to Chicago and stopped over in Korea. We are still in Incheon as of this writing. Being my 1st time to take Korean Air, I am impressed by service and aesthetics of this airline service. Not getting the desired seat, we sat at the emergency exit・"
"2718" "I have flown a lot of Korean Air international flights.  They do alright.  Best value for the money flying to SE Asia."
"2719" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2720" "Korean air is for the last couple the world's best airline company by far. The plane, an A380, added even more to the wonderful experience with some additional leg space. The    cabin crew is very professional, friendly and very helpful. The food is excellent, with a minimum of・"
"2721" "There were 2 delays from ICN to KUL and there were NO announcement why, asking the staff gets u NOwhere. The airport is very large and luckily Korean Air flights are parked nearby. We were traveling on standby tickets, and we were anxious as the ETD was approaching and there・"
"2722" "I must say it was one of the best flights I've ever had. The Korean Air personnel is the nicest I've ever met. They are very helpful with everything and are there for you for anything you need. I've slept almost all the time and they still heated my meal when they already served・"
"2723" "I have flown long haul business class to Vancouver and New York on 2 occasions and they are simply the best airline I have flown. The staff are excellent, good English speaking skills which helps immensely.Great food, excellent rib eye steak, couldn't fault the service in any・"
"2724" "excellent airline with courteous staff,good food,good ambience,very nice inflight service n very punctual.travellers can query me on 09826651096.dr anand"
"2725" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2726" "I try to avoid Korean airlines mainly because of past safety issues, they have had to many accidents in the past for me to feel comfortable flying them. Having said that, the uniforms and color scheme is very nice, grooming of the onboard personnel is nice, check in was・"
"2727" "Privileged to be in First Class but have flown Korean Air for years in all classes. Excellent service - easy and prompt booking process via Internet; check-in a breeze and cabin service beyond all expectations.  I have never had a bad experience.  A quality airline. With the・"
"2728" "Pretty and sweet stewardess with first class services ,this airlines is one of the best in the world. However ,please note  for muslim travelers ,if you need Halal food ,please declare at the check in counter. If not you will fly with an empty stomach."
"2729" "Okay, the flight from Vancouver to Yangon was not bad.  The food was edible for this portion, but the food on the return flight was awful.  They ran out of food and unfortunately we were near the back of the plane.  They gave us this inedible mush they called porridge, but it・"
"2730" "I have flown many times with Korean Air and on a number of different routes. The economy class service is always extremely good, and they have the most generous leg room of any airline I flown with. Their business class is also excellent. For long haul flights in economy class I・"
"2731" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2732" "We recently flew from Seoul ICN to San Francisco SFO on Korean Air. The seats and personal space were amazing, as your seat fully reclines flat and you have your own personal compartment with extra space to keep your personal bags and belongings at your seat. The service was・"
"2733" "Given Korean Air's safety issues over the last couple of years, this was not my first choice, but it turned out to be a good one.  While we were forced to sit in the middle of the middle section of a 747, it was a fairly new plane, and the seat pitch was about 33 inches (2・"
"2734" "I have taken Korean Air on my annual pilgrimage to the Philippines for the last few years. I have had a few issues here and there but all in all, I find their service and value exactly where it should be. There is always room for improvement but they really not bad and provides・"
"2735" "5 Star comfort and service. From the time we checked in till the time we landed we were treated as royalty. The crew love their job and it shows at all levels of service."
"2736" "We had a great experience with Korean Air back in Aug/Sep 2014.  We flew KAL nonstop from Atlanta to Seoul and then to Cebu.  We had outstanding service all the way.  We had a choice of 3 entrees for our lunch/dinner meal.  The only thing I had a problem with was we had to put・"
"2737" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2738" "I was pretty sceptical when I was offered Korean Air having enjoyed the more renowned Virgin Atlantic, Etihad, Emirates and BA.  You really could not ask for more on the flight and the quality of food really was of restaurant quality.  The cabin crew couldn't do enough for us・"
"2739" "Over all, our flight is comfortable and food is available at designated times.One will never go hungry as long as you are not picky with food. There are choices of movies and games too. In both flights, my family sit where the bassinet are located. I noticed that the flight・"
"2740" "We already heard the reviews from our family and friends. But when we experienced it by ourselves, we really amazed with its services. The staffs knew how to handle children, seniors, and all the passangers. The food was delicious, especially korean food. Kid's meal was・"
"2741" "My first time with KE. It's great. Check-in process is so fast. The staff was helpful and kind. In-flight facilities are great, hi-tech & clean. Flight attendants were very polite, helpful and friendly. The food is very delicious (please try Bibimbap)."
"2742" "The flight was average, the food was nothing special, regular plane food. The only thing we appreciated was the extra space for our legs, which is a good thing when your flight last 14h and 6h more after the layover in Seoul, Korea. The first flight to Seoul arrived 1h earlier,・"
"2743" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2744" "Korean Air is one of the best airlines.  It is always nice to fly with them.  super efficient boarding, seating.  The crew is nice The food and beverage service is good"
"2745" "Flights were basically on time.seating was no worse or no better than others flying A380,A330,B777,but legroom was good for me at70 inches tall.l was not taken with the food but I am sure it was designed to suit an eastern pallet.Staff were excellent"
"2746" "Comfortable seats and legroom, in-flight entertainment was adequate, and service was great. Good for long flights such as Singapore to South Korea. Would fly again."
"2747" "Although it takes slightly longer the cost is less and includes a very refreshing stay in Inchenon (South Korea) with the ticket price including a five star hotel within the airport complex so very easy and quick to access. All the staff were very friendly and welcoming"
"2748" "Perfectly acceptable new aircraft, attentive staff, good food, ok entertainment system, comfortable seating, etc. So why not five stars - Korean lacks genuine friendliness in the staff both onboard and in the terminal. ANA, Qatar and Thai show the way and even Vietnam airlines・"
"2749" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2750" "Upgraded myself to business class using my miles as this is a long flight on an A320. Business Class is very good with the food and service that you expect. Never had a bad Korean flight in 111,000 miles! On the next leg to CDG I flew economy as that is an A380 and it is・"
"2751" "Over 100,000 miles on Korean air now and never a bad experience that was their responsibility. More legroom than most. I like the A380 if is roomy and quiet. Food and customer service are exemplary. I fly business on the Fiji to Seoul leg as it is an A320 but on the A380 I am・"
"2752" "The staff were warm and welcoming. The food choices included a Korean meal with a variety of dishes with kimchi being one of them. It was a delicious introduction to Korean food. I was watching a film as we landed. I could continue watching until it was time to leave the plane.・"
"2753" "This is a Boeing 777-300 aircraft.  I take this flight at least once a year, sometimes twice.  It has a very good on time performance.  Normally take this flight in conjunction with flight 082 from JFK, but stop over in Seoul for a few days.  $100 additional fee for this・"
"2754" "This an Airbus  A 380-800.  I take this flight at least once, maybe twice a year.  It is approximately 14 hours.  It is extremely convenient in that it leaves NYC at 2:00 pm (14:00).  It sometimes travels a north route over Canada, Alaska, Aleutians, Russia, China and down into・"
"2755" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2756" "The seats are ok. the food options are limited. Snaks - only peanut. spirits and Wine - they have wine and JD and some beer.  the media Entertainment available onboard is close to nothing. for such a long flight this is nightmare."
"2757" "Everything about this airline is first rate. The website where I purchased the ticket, the phone assistance for the website (they answered after only a couple of minutes - I was in shock, I am used to being on hold for 15 minutes for any phone assistance), the email response to・"
"2758" "I fly regularly from SE Asia to USA and have tried most of the airlines that cross the Pacific. Most of the Asian based carriers are good, all are better than any of the US carriers. For the last couple of years I have stuck with Korean, in any class they are as good as any・"
"2759" "Korean good service Good Food Flight Attendent very good Checking to make sure everything good On time"
"2760" "Our flight was on time and it was an easy transfer at Incheon airport but the food was not good enough to suffice the prices of the ticket which is a little expensive."
"2761" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2762" "We currently live in Seoul and normally travel to Manchester to visit family normally travelling Emirates or Etihad business class but we left it last minute to book our flights and the flight were very expensive or the journey times weren't good.  We decided to fly Business・"
"2763" "Plane very clean, crew very kind, excellent service! Time schedule respected! Food OK! I highly recommend !"
"2764" "I have given Korean air 5 starts not because of the amazing comfort or food during the flight (which were actually pretty damn good - especially as it was a very good price!), but because of the impeccable service.  All the crew were lovely and the ground staff at Incheon were・"
"2765" "I used accumulated miles and flew with Korean (a partner) because the \"Super Saver awards usual have utrageous stopovers-20 hurts in Seattle or Salt Lake instead, I chose to spend my 16 hour anyone rim Seoul.   It was 1 am when The flight left,  so I fell asleep quickly and・"
"2766" "Flying with Korean Air was ok. The aircraft is ok. On-demand entertainment is available on board and the service was ok. Flight attendances were generally nice to passengers and keep on smiling and try to accommodate passenger's request. On my way to Seoul, they only offered・"
"2767" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2768" "Firstly I always fly with them. Excellent flight from Sydney to Incheon and Incheon to Prague. The experience is very always pleasant and all crew is excellent and helpful. The in-flight food and drinks were surprisingly good. The price was fair for the time of year and despite・"
"2769" "Surprisingly good service onboard KL 867. European and Middle Eastern airlines could learn much from this high quality of service and food served onboard."
"2770" "We got connected at JFK airport to Korea. We loved to fly with Asia airlines, good services,take good care customer.more space for our leg, new movies,over all good to fly with them for long distance"
"2771" "We booked a flight from Amsterdam to Hanoi and return from Phnom Penh to Amsterdam, with transfer in Seoul. The crew were really friendly and service was great! The economy class was good, with a lot more leg space than dutch companies. Food could be better though, and the・"
"2772" "We booked on Korean Air on the recommendation of friend and were very pleased with we did. The ticket price was very competitive and included the overnight stop. On the outward journey we flew to Seoul, had a night  in a good hotel, then flew to Prague the following day. This・"
"2773" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2774" "The Korean Airlines flights I took from Thailand to Vancouver were fantastic, service was great, planes were new and spacious. Food was good. I would fly them again."
"2775" "Flight attendants are extremely polite and go out of their way to ensure you are happy and comfortable. This is never the case with north American airlines. Thank you for such a great experience!"
"2776" "Crew is working very hard to provide excellent service, plane is clean, bathrooms are spotless, food is great, real silverware not a plastic. I take this flight very often on my way to Bangkok, never disappointed, always on time, no problem with connections even long layover in・"
"2777" "Great leg space compared to most other airlines was the first thing i noticed, with courteous attention by the flight crew through the trip. what was also great was the overnight stopover experience in the Incheon airport Grand Hyatt hotel with spacious room and a wonderful・"
"2778" "We chose Korean Air for our trip to SE Asia after researching different airlines for our trip. We did not have any previous experience with them but after our trip we were suitably impressed. From our check in experience to the on board service we couldn't have been more・"
"2779" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2780" "Their service is so good. Let them know that my friends and I are deaf. They ask us if we need help. We don't need their help as we know how to go around. They ask us what we want to eat and serve us first. It is really good to experience their good service."
"2781" "Excellent airlines.  I enjoy the pampering that you receive on Korean Air. They welcome you aboard, help with luggage, and make sure you are  comfortable for the entire flight.  Enjoy the seats in business class as you have your own personal space and can move around without・"
"2782" "It was my first time travelling with Korean Air and I actually transited thru Incheon to Qing Dao. Very good service I could say, friendly and air crew and various choices of in-flight entertainment which help for such long flight like this."
"2783" "Sky suites an excellent business class value for long haul flights vs old business class seats. Service good on board and on the ground- lounge in Incheon hasn't changed in over 5 years could use some remodeling. Also food could be better as you could only have so much・"
"2784" "I have taken Korean Air before and I have to say the trip into Korea and out of Korea to Bangkok aboard Korean airlines is a step above US airlines and other airlines.  The airline uses Boeing 777-300s which have extra leg room.  Many TV programs and games (chess, all sorts of・"
"2785" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2786" "We always try to fly Korean and take advantage of their free overnight in a 4/5 star hotel when flying NZ-Europe.  Plus their timekeeping is good, planes comfortable, cabin service and food very good and entertainment fine.  And they're often the cheapest!"
"2787" "EXCELLENT AirLine, GREAT Planes with service. Young cabin attendants that want to serve you & make your trip as QUALITY as possible. They were always asking if you needed anything, you didn't have to ask them. It's GREAT to have employees that are caring & concerned about their・"
"2788" "Fly from Brisbane to Canada in May/ June this year. The service was exceptional and really good price compared to other carriers. Seat/Bed was very comfortable. The added extras like lounge access and express lanes in immigration were very welcome"
"2789" "The service is next to non...! They can't do enough for you. They leave the BIG name company's for dead. Plenty of leg room, the staff continued to walk up and down through out the flight when most people were asleep offering service. I can't recall that with the major・"
"2790" "It was a pleasant flight with very good and helpful air hostesses. (Better than European airlines).   Toilets were cleaned very often and rest room were much bigger than any other flights I have flown with.    The food was excellent too."
"2791" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2792" "I first noticed the flight attendants going though security. I thought how beautifully dressed they all are.... Once boarding the service replicated their professional look. Such a treat after lying many US Airlines. They should be proud of their staff."
"2793" "We have flown Korean Air more than once on the route from Chicago to Bangkok. Our experience has been first rate each time. The flight attendants are gracious, helpful, attentive and patient. On such a long flight, they serve several meals, beverages and snacks. Every request・"
"2794" "Long flight, good experience. The service was very good. The airline attendants were attentive. Even though we were in economy class, it was roomy."
"2795" "We went to Korea for 4 days 3 nights out of our busy schedule for a break! The plane was comfortable and service the stewardess provided was up to standard as this was the first time we experience Korean air."
"2796" "Even though I was travelling in economy, their food (presentation, taste and variety) was great! This airline set the bar high for airline food to me."
"2797" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2798" "Steward is very helpful and polite, and flight KE 628 from Jakarta to Incheon is nice flight with big tv and long feet seat."
"2799" "Love their service. Korean Air stewardesses are among the best. Food is great too and they have the Korean and \"western\" choice. Great variety of movies, planes are clean and screens are high quality too."
"2800" "this flight is ridiculous, very small legroom.  i flew from jeju to gimpo that takes around 1 hour, this legroom very small, like half of sq or cathay. my leg crampled and it's barely hard to move.  my seat is on beside window and yeah , i must not move or anything in 1 hour. ・"
"2801" "I fly Korean Air as often as possible. They really take care of you! The planes are clean and not too crowded. The food is excellent for all three meals."
"2802" "Korean airlines was the only one who flight A380 from Seoul to LA at that moment. This Plane is still the biggest airliner ever so we've had a special interest using it. They say Korean was the first company with A380 in fleet, I'm not too strict for food and service but it was・"
"2803" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2804" "Korean Airlines offer very good connections in North Asia. One drawback is that there is no \"Premium Economy\" and the Prestige Class is too expensive. Economy for short haul is very good although leg room is limited. It's a very good airline with being exceptional. The food was・"
"2805" "Two flights from Sydney to Vancouver via South Korea.  Both flights were very comfortable and the service and food excellent.  All meals were beautifully presented and delicious.  First time with Korean Air and we were very impressed."
"2806" "China Southern code share flight operated by Korean Air. Korean Air operates B747 in 2 class on short haul flights: the upper deck is given to economy passengers with higher mileage status. I got an upper deck seat which is normally a business class seat. The meal was economy・"
"2807" "2 flights smooth connection, everything ran on time . The Service was very good, the food was OK as far as aeroplane food goes. Nice touches like Lavender water in bathrooms and moisturisers available in toilets, no doubt advertising gimmick for duty free but hey! bathrooms kept・"
"2808" "In April 2016, I was flying from Dulles Airport, Washington DC to Seoul/Incheon South Korea with connecting flight to Manila on Korean Air.  I will not fly Korean Air again.  I had a briefcase with my laptop inside for under the seat and a carry-on for the overhead.  I also had・"
"2809" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2810" "I have never had a problem with this airline. My choice when flying to the Manila. The economy seats are actually comfortable compared to other airlines. The flight attendants are always very polite and helpful. Just wish there were more food choices as they seem to offer the・"
"2811" "This is the first time I used Korean Air, and i found the experience satisfactory.  The plane was clean, everything was on time,  the economy seating average comfort, and the inflight service good.  I will use this airline again soon"
"2812" "Wider seats with nice padding ample leg room good food and great service  on time and affordable  nice amenities to make the flight comfortable I would fly again if going EAST OR WEST AND LOOK FOR DEALS ON THIS AIRLINE"
"2813" "In 2013 I had flown KE Sydney to Prague (with a complimentary overnight at Seoul) and return from Paris to Sydney. I was most impressed with the friendly and attentive, though not intrusive, service from the in-flight staff on each sector, the comfort of the cabin and quality of・"
"2814" "Bought air fares online at a great price. First time to fly with Korean Air and they are great. Service and food was excellent. In economy seating it is rarely the best but with both flights to Syd to Seoul to Vancouver (and return) we were comfortable. The baggage claim and・"
"2815" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2816" "Never flew this airline before, and was SO impressed, especially being stuck in economy. The flight attendants are put together, helpful, always available, and so friendly. The food on the way to Korea was really fantastic for airline food, and my wine was never empty! It was・"
"2817" "Round trip from Sfo to Manila and back is longtime sitting but if you like long layovers it's good cause you can stretch , do little window shopping and if your layover is over 10hrs the airline will give you hotel room to rest with food."
"2818" "Second time I have flown to Manila w/Korean Air.  Flight staff was very helpful - even with bags into the overhead (not seen on US carriers in years).  Lots of food, entertainment could offer a few more English titles, but that is a minor item.  Will fly them again."
"2819" "This airline is one of the best in the world for quality and service.  I have flown KOREAN AIR many times, and compared it to EMIRATES.  The flight attendants are elegant and professional. The food is delicious (for airline food) and the attention given to the clients is・"
"2820" "Had the privilege to fly on the new Airbus A380 and it was one of the best business class flights we've ever been on.  Every single stewardess went above and beyond providing the best service eagerly and always with respect and a smile. The meals were awesome, the cubicles were・"
"2821" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2822" "I flew Korean air for my first trip to Korea and I was thoroughly impressed! The staff are incredibly friendly and go out of their way to make sure you are comfortable and have everything you need. The chairs are quite comfy and even though I was in a row of three I was never・"
"2823" "The trip from the East Coast of the USA to Southeast Asia is long and tedious. Total travel time, with layovers, can reach 35 hours. The comfort of the planes, and the care of the staff on the flights, are critical, especially when flying in coach. Korean Air has been my airline・"
"2824" "Round the world and back again, that's the sailor's way....It has been almost a year since I took this flight, but I still remember it, how do you forget a 15 hour flight, good food, and everything you need to be entertained (movies, map guide,  tv, and games) on their little tv・"
"2825" "First time flying KOR and I think it is one of (if not the best) flight we have had. A little delay at BNE, excellent entertainment, good food, great service, calm passengers and very smooth sailing. A a larger/taller person, I found the seats to be a good size width with・"
"2826" "Flight was on time. Departure and Arrival  Plane was new and Comfy.  Both fare price and Service were very good  Luggage retrieval, smooth! Not recommended for travelers in a hurry but ideal for people that are Not!!  ( although I'm Sure there are other options! ) Love Incheon・"
"2827" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2828" "I was very impressed by the professional service from the Korean Air staff. They helped make our long trip quite comfortable."
"2829" "I recently took a flight to South Korea and then onto Jeju Island with Korea Air. Pretty much everything was totally top notch. The booking in and staff at Heathrow were as good, efficient and friendly as you will find anywhere. On returning home to UK the transfers of luggage・"
"2830" "Did not expect much, and other reviews on the net had prepared me for the worst. Overall, very pleasantly surprised by the pleasure we took on our long journey from Paris to Sydney via Seoul. First of all, the A380 has probably something to do with it. The wide body, the inside・"
"2831" "My wife and I flew from Brisbane to Frankfurt with transit in Seoul. The check-in was easy with only a small delay primarily because we were early. Our seats were at the back and straight away we noticed that there was significantly more leg room than we were used to with other・"
"2832" "I regularly fly korean and always have a good experience. They tend not to serve as many drinks as some other airlines but you can always ask. The staff are always excellent and very sweet. Thoroughly recommended."
"2833" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2834" "I was very impressed with Korean Air and on a par with Emirates, Cathay etc which I have also flown. I try and get back to UK on a regular basis so need to get a good price as the cost is very high. Korean Air were by far the cheapest at the time I wanted to go and the・"
"2835" "     Excellent on time performance for every flight. Clean comfortable cabin area. You even see the flight attendants cleaning the toilets in flight. Every seat gets a pillow, blankets, slippers, bottled water, tooth brush and paste.       Food is excellent, offering American・"
"2836" "My husband and I checked in at Toronto Pearson about 3 hours prior to our flight.  The line was short and no issues.  I was asked to provide my credit card that I used to pay for the flights.  I already knew that as it was indicated on the itinerary so I had filled out the form・"
"2837" "There was a very limited menu, appetizers & snacks were basically non-existent.   My wife & I wanted a couple of drinks prior to the dinner service but flight attendants brought the cocktails & food all together.   On the two lengthy legs we were asked once if we would like an・"
"2838" "It was my first flight on Korean Air and  it will certainly not be the last. The staff was very helpful and kind, all the time.  The plane was comfortable, the in flight entertainment system was great and we were offered 3 choices of meals in every meal.  Excellent airline, hope・"
"2839" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2840" "One of the best! Clean, friendly, amazing. It is ALWAYS an amazing flight experience. The price is usually higher though."
"2841" "spacious seating, the food in airplanes sucks but Korean air sucks a little less... nice staff, comfortable ... It is my choice of airline for the extra room they provide!!! Korean Air got it right!"
"2842" "We had a 2 leg trip with a connection via Seoul.  Service on both flights was terrific, leg room spacious and all flight attendants very attentive to all requests.  Interactive video touch screen entertainment with the latest movies.  Food delicious and my partner's request for・"
"2843" "The flight was part of Viking Cruises River tour, Shanghai to Beijing and was far better than we expected. Planes were comfortable, clean and on time. The economy class flight was roomy and comfortable. Would fly Korean Air again."
"2844" "When flying overseas I avoid American carriers at all costs. They are the worst airlines in the world that I have flown. Korean Air is just fabulous. The cabin crew never set down and are so attentive to your every need. They keep the cabin spotlessly clean. As for comfort, you・"
"2845" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2846" "Complimentary beer or wine ONLY with dinner, unlike most other airlines' international flights.  Limited movie selection.  But worst of all, about a month after returning home (which is the incubation period), I came down with scabies!  I know I didn't get them at my 4-Star・"
"2847" "We were delightfully surprised to discover than Korean Air is so generous with leg room in Economy class. I could easily cross my legs! We had a choice of Korean or American cuisine and were offered free extra glasses of wine. They allowed 2 bags of 50lb each per person plus a・"
"2848" "The business class seats were decent but not the best.  Korean's flight attendants are welcoming, polite and are always smiling.  I flew 4 legs and found that menu selctions were often repeated on almost all 4 flights.  I wish easch sector would have their own. However, the・"
"2849" "Huge seats, complete separation from even business class passengers - from lounge to boarding, to in flight.  In flight service was exceptional. Could not be happier."
"2850" "We were pleasantly surprised as the leg space in economy class was much better than expected. The flight team offered great service: friendly and fast. We also liked the choice of food: both \"Western\" and Korean choices. We recommend the Korean food."
"2851" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2852" "First time with koreanair staff were so polite and good working  food and wine collection was good 180 flat saet  only  tv panel was not new ."
"2853" "We chose to fly with Korean Air again this year as we were so pleased with our last experience......and they did not disappoint!Once again excellent on all levels.Staff were friendly,kind,caring and yet very efficient....the food was great and there was a constant flow of snacks・"
"2854" "Korea air in SF int'l airport treats customers without barriers for new customer. I think the key function of marketing is to remove the gap either in physical distcne and in psychological one between customer and company-service provider. If we can make zero distance between・"
"2855" "Pros: - very good attentive service crew - very good food - good legroom for the price - direct flight (has late night flights)  Cons: - expensive (can fly 2 person on Vietnam Air to Seoul on 1 Korean Air ticket) - imposes 1 PIECE ONLY, 23KG baggage even within Asia (*the 1・"
"2856" "From the friendly and helpful check-in staff (and the womens' beautiful uniforms) to the flight attendants who treated EVERYONE like we were all First Class 'guests' and the fresh and warm 'wake up cookies' this is a quality flying experience. Maybe not on the level of Singapore・"
"2857" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2858" "Great experience flying Prestige class from LAX to Seoul Incheon. Airbus A380 double decker is all business class on the top deck with a lounge/bar in the back. Very attentive service and wonderful food offerings on this flight. If there was WiFi and better in flight・"
"2859" "I never look forward to the nearly 12 hours to Brazil. This was my first with Korean, though, and having flown with other pacific carriers my expectations were high. I was not disappointed. This was a near new aircraft, had adequate leg and hip room in 3rd class and excellent・"
"2860" "Going to Asia I really love flying Korean Air. I find the service good, entertainment good and I think you get the most food served of airlines I have flown. Always full when flight has landed. I have flown on 777-200, 777-300ER, and 747 and all were good flights."
"2861" "This is my 4th year flying first class service in Korean air, going back and forth Asia.  Every time I board their flight, my expectations are always met and beyond.  From service to hard product, to their selection of food and drink on board, everything is exceptional, each and・"
"2862" "It wasn't the first time that we flew with Korean air. But I find it much better if you fly with young kids as the flight attendants are friendlier and they have lots of goodies for the kids. Inflight meals wasn't great but it was ok, but there were constant snacks and drinks・"
"2863" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2864" "Flew Korea Air from Chicago to Danang with a layover in Seoul. Plenty of great flight attendants. There appeared to be extra leg room which was nice since I'm 6' 4\". Several meals during the flight and lots of movies on the personal seat back screen."
"2865" "Booked this airline as the cost was a lot cheaper than the 'British' alternative. My first time with this airline and I was very concerned it was going to be a nightmare. I was totally blown away by the service all round. New aircraft and the crew were extremely efficient and・"
"2866" "Overall great flight. The planes were excellent and the service was very good.   Not so good...The movie selection was limited and the was no meal service the last 6 hours of the flight (other airlines usually offer a breakfast service)."
"2867" "The flight from Seoul to JFK was on the A380.  Had previously flown business class on Cathay Pacific and Emirates and was definitely left disappointed on Korean Air. Food was good but the bar was just ok."
"2868" "I'm a top tier frequent flyer with Delta but have few miles with Korean Air.  They must have seen my Delta status.  The bursar came to me in coach, way back near the toilets coach.  She said if I needed anything during the flight to ask her.    The other attendants who probably・"
"2869" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2870" "This airline is awesome! Almost the minute we stepped on the plane they started serving us! Our 29 hour trip was the best!"
"2871" "It is never easy to fly long distances in economy class. However, I must admit that this flight in B-777 by Korean airlines was a pleasant surprise. Cabin staff was very hospitable, meals were decent, and the whole atmosphere was quite serene, thanks to the ethereal Korean・"
"2872" "From booking to flight, Korean Air is a seamless and enjoyable experience. I tried several carriers while booking, but KA was by far the easiest so they got our business. They also let us have a 48 hour layover in Seoul on the return flight (that was a great decision to stay in・"
"2873" "this by far has been the most excellent airline that I have ever flown on.  The flight attendants treat you like royalty.  I was truly amazed.  There was a family with a baby and the flight attendants were so attentive to their every need.  They treated every passenger・"
"2874" "I was recommended to take Korean Air to my trip because of the amazing service and food.  I was hesitant because the flight was a bit more expensive than the other flight options, but I did it anyway, and it was completely worth it.  The seats were very comfortable, lots of good・"
"2875" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2876" "We did not know of this airline when we planned our trip to China.  A friend who  lived there for 5 years as a teacher told us to check this carrier.  When we did we could not believe the price.  Round trip was the same as a one-way ticket on Delta or United.  But cost is just・"
"2877" "Good service as usual, very professional. I found that the Choice of movies was quite limited. Flight was on time."
"2878" "Very friendly and attentive staff. Calm and efficient at all times. Always willing to help and answer questions"
"2879" "We were a family of 5 with three young kids. Flight attendants were very accommodating and made sure that we were comfortable. If you want instant noodle and beer, you can ask them for free as well. They also gave out toys for my kids for the flight."
"2880" "Flew from Houston to Ho Chi Minh City in June and returned in July on Korean airlines. The attendants were very helpful and brought anything we requested. Even, plenty of beer and wine. The food, however, was absolutely terrible. It was so bad that we actually chose instant・"
"2881" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2882" "2nd time flying Korean air . an excellent airline and very good service. the food was quite good, and the service was outstanding. I will always fly them, as often as i can!"
"2883" "This is an Airbus A 380-800.  After connecting in Seoul from Bangkok, I take this flight once or twice a year.  As a bigger person, I find the seats and flight in general very comfortable.  It is usually on time leaving and arriving.  It is a 14 hour flight, so patience is・"
"2884" "This is an Airbus A 330-300.  The flight usually leaves late but gets in on time.  I take this flight once, sometimes twice a year, and then transfer on to flight to JFK.  Depending on weather there can be turbulence.  This flight was smooth.  Seat comfortable and flight・"
"2885" "My first experience with Korean air was two years algo when I went to Los Angeles with my daughter. What a wonderful surprise. First of all the attendants are beautiful like porcelan dolls. Everything reminded the trips to Europe years ago. The elegance of their  attitudes・"
"2886" "My second experience with KE, first was in 2010 to Seoul. To be honest, I used KE was due to their very attractive airfare for USA-SF! This time the aircraft was newer and seats were better. Food selection were interesting. I enjoyed the flights. Although the stopover in Seoul・"
"2887" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2888" "I have flown three times on Korean Air.  Once non stop from Las Vegas to Seoul. Another from Seoul to Taipei. And last October I flew from Los Angeles to Seoul on the airbus a380.  Obviously, it is one of the newer planes in their fleet. From air quality, to lighting, to seat・"
"2889" "This was not my first flight with Korean Air. Their flights to Europe are affordable and even in the economy class you have a good leg room. I also like that you have your own TV and lots of movie choices. The stop over hotels are all excellent and included in the ticket. Thumbs・"
"2890" "This is a great alternative to flying through Bangkok for those who visit Chiang Mai every year. A little more expensive, but saves Hotel, taxi, and extra flight costs from Bangkok. I would give this airline a 9 1/2 out of 10 for every aspect... so much so I joined their・"
"2891" "This is the best long distance flight I have found. I have to fly economy but with this airline things don't seem to be as crowded. The service both on and off the plane is great. I have flown with this airline many times and have found the service excellent each time. Highly・"
"2892" "A terrific  service in every category.  Will fly again anytime with Korean Air.  Always look forward to flying with Korean Air."
"2893" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2894" "I have travelled 75 times on Korean Air and they are reliable, comfortable and professional. My only complaint is that I wish they would vary the menu choices a bit more."
"2895" "As far as I am concerned there is no other choice to fly to Brazil.  At the height of the Brazilian boom, the 777-300's were such great comfortable planes, even in economy.  Sadly, they have downgraded to a330's (DEF NOT AS COMFORTABLE) even in Business.  The service is top・"
"2896" "I flew with Korean Air since 2009.  I have not much experiences with other nice Airlines. But so far is the BEST one was Korean Air.  They are friendly and so helpful.  Service is good. Clean, food is fine.   I wish if they have more promotion for price. Because most of the・"
"2897" "I had a very pleasant experience flying Korean Air. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the food was good. There were both western and Korean options on the flight over the water. Business class seats were comfortable and there was a quiet environment so sleeping was・"
"2898" "Korean Air knows how to provide customer service, from checking in at the airport, to departing in San Francisco,  the staff at Korean Air were friendly, helpful, and courteous."
"2899" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2900" "This is my first time to fly Korean Air since they offered a direct flight from Houston to Manila with stop over in Seoul. I used to fly Cathay Pacific because of their exceptional service but there is no direct flight from Houston to Asia. Korean Air is at par with other・"
"2901" "The flight attendants are very attentitive to passenger needs. I need to eat all meals and snacks, so I have asked attendants to wake me up if I am sleeping. They are constantly walking up and down aisles with juice and water throughout the flights. Always smiling and very・"
"2902" "In January we decided to go to Manila for a little R&R.  We also wanted to visit Seoul so we flew Korean Air because we would get our 4 day layover with no added flight cost (maybe some airport taxes but well worth).  The flights took off on time. Planes were clean and interior・"
"2903" "The flight from HK to Seoul was one of the best flight experiences ever.  The flight attendants were incredibly attentive & helpful and the plane was new & spotless.    From Seoul to LA, the flight attendants were also very sweet and kind, and the plane was reasonably new,・"
"2904" "The best flight ever.  It could be that it was on a huge Airbus that it was so comfortable. There was a flight attendant for about every 30 passengers and they were super nice. Service was impeccable.  Food was good and plentiful.   They made a thirteen hour flight pleasant."
"2905" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2906" "The cabin crew were friendly and helpful and the meal service good, Seats were reasonably comfortable and the restrooms kept clean and with basic requirements regularly replenished"
"2907" "This is so far has the fastest check in so far. Food are basic korean and i must admit not my taste but good enough"
"2908" "Having used several different airlines in Business class , we thoroughly enjoyed this trip with Korean Air. The offset seat layout seemed a little better for both the flight attendant and you as the customer with a small \"aisle\" allowing easier access to the window seat. The・"
"2909" "The check in was amazingly quick with my passport being the only thing necessary to find my destination and seat.  Staff really friendly and asked if I had interest in changing to a different class or seat; I maintained my class but got a seat at the back of the plane. Best・"
"2910" "Flying to Rome on Korean air from Seoul, Korea. I am a Korean Air skyteam member but with all the other mileage programs out there I would rate it one of the worst. Not much benefits and a lot of the reward dates are always full. Other than this I would have to rate Korean Air a・"
"2911" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2912" "This was my second trip with Korean Airlines, and again it did not disappoint. The economy class, rivals business or first class on many north american carriers, given the 13 hour flight, it's also nice to know that you actually get real food, (with real utensils!!) accompanied・"
"2913" "This flight did not offer Premium Economy, but the basic was very good. The flight attendant crew was perhaps the best service I have ever had in decades of international flights; simply astounding! Comfort, food, drink, and safety were all excellent. Captain greeted us, in the・"
"2914" "Great flight, I've had to take it multiple times. Layover in Incheon always goes by seamlessly. Good service on board and in the airports, never had any issues, my baggage always arrives in wonderful condition and flights have never been delayed."
"2915" "I am furious with Korean Air.  I have booked my IAD/HKG flight via Seoul in March for a July 25 departure.  I am an experienced international traveler and know I can change my seat and check in on the website 48 hours prior to departure on all international flights.  I went・"
"2916" "Korean Air is an exceptional airline the customer service from the counter to the stewardesses was exceptional very friendly and helpful the planes were very clean and modern the food was excellent and every request was dealt with promptly and with a smile.any flights I book in・"
"2917" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2918" "Not the best, check in efficient, boarding chaotic, people don' like queuing and mad rush for the gate, aircraft looks tired, staff were good, sorry for the cabin crew in my section as the guy alongside me(American) spent 2 hours trying to pick her up, she couldn't be rude but・"
"2919" "My wife and I recently flew Korean Air as part of our trip to Asia. We flew in Business Class between Seoul and Shanghai.  Our flight was operated by an A330.   Despite the short 2 hour segment we were served a good lunch with three choices. Headsets were provided and were・"
"2920" "My flight was composed of 4 segments; 2 each way from Hong Kong to Auckland. First off, I must say my experience with Korean Air would be the best experience I have ever had flying economy class, surpassing the numerous premium economy flights I have flown on.   At HKG airport,・"
"2921" "Flight were on time. Service was very good.  Entertainment was excellent . Information provider was accurate."
"2922" "Great pleasure flying through Seoul to Osaka & back in an spacious, clean airplane Friendly staff<U+05EA> Rich entertainment system. The only thing I could write a less good review was the food.Neither the Korean nor the western food suit me.The western food I tried was less then good."
"2923" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2924" "Very enjoyable flight and it was quite cheap as a one way toronto to singapore via seoul. the business class cabin was basically empty so even better."
"2925" "Flight departed on schedule. Meal service was late like 2 hours into flight. Expected meal to be served earlier as I was on a red eye flight. Unable to sleep well on flight later as there was quite a lot of turbulence thereafter. Arrived in Seoul extremely tired and had to bare・"
"2926" "I needed to leave late in the afternoon in order to arrive early morning in SAO, and Korean was the only option, and also direct flight. Service was excellent, even the food served was very good, seats were fine, and all in all, I understand they are a great Airline"
"2927" "I am 191 cm and usually I do not enjoy flights due to the limited leg room no problem in Korean air..... I had reasonable leg room and I could be comfortable furthermore. the food and service were excellent"
"2928" "Bought this off Ebay. Korean Air had previously fell subject to a class action lawsuit over ticket prices. Well I'm here to say they made good on a settlement with the FEDS and they released a certain amount of discount coupons (rebates) to the claimants. The rebates mean that・"
"2929" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2930" "My fourth flight with Korean Air and every single journey was really great.  From the ample food and drink to the amazing service -- I am/was totally impresses. US carriers take. One - this how flying should be."
"2931" "First time with Korean Air, LOVED the seating arrangements 2 seats either side of the plane on the 330.....! The food was a little different although palatable. In flight service great,ground staff very helpful.....! Included in this flight was accommodation for 1 night with・"
"2932" "KE gets a lot of hype, and we were pleasantly surprised to find that it's deserved. Their A380 is spacious and clean. In-flight service was refreshingly friendly.  So far, KE has the best in-flight food I've found in Economy. Fresh steamed rice and tasty bibimbap."
"2933" "My flight was very nice. The staffs were polite and helpful. I ordered the fruit platter ahead of time and had no problem. The seats were comfortable ( I flew economy). I was also provided with Jeju water bottle, slippers, and a blanket.  Everything was very clean. The downside・"
"2934" "I even took picture when I sit down and saw the BIG gap in front of my seat. I did not have to fold my legs tight! I traveled from New York City to Seoul, Korea. Great meal and service. I am planning to use them again even for other destinations if it's available."
"2935" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2936" "Done this trip 3 times in past 2 months .. Nice, new A380 is a bonus, configuration is poor though (2/2/2) and no privacy or illusion of comfort. Rear bar area is used by staff to lay out the food so not very inviting. Staff are insincere, not the most professional when compared・"
"2937" "Fourteen hours on any plane is a daunting affair, but Korean Air makes is a sublime experience. The staff is prompt and friendly. Service is frequent enough so you are never hungry or thirsty. From departure to landing, they see to your every need with a smile. The fare is very・"
"2938" "Korea has known for its service. Same goes to their airline. The stewardess were really nice and patient."
"2939" "It was a very pleasing flight. Take off and landing was comfortable. The food was quite neatly done but just didnt taste familiar to what im used to. Seat were nice, movie selections was board and quite ontime"
"2940" "Very courteous, efficient flight attendants & pilots. Comfortable w/blanket,slippers,enough legroom.Great food & drinks. Great Inflight movies"
"2941" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2942" "I like to share my experience service on board Korean Air¨s A380 to London. It is wider than Boeing 777 and good food. And thank the staff to help us transfer smoothly when we leave 30 minutes from Seoul to Taipei"
"2943" "KOREAN AIR is typical the most friendly, clean and pleasant of the budget airlines I have flown to Japan. I have flown over a dozen times to Japan and have flown Korean the most.  It surpasses the Chinese Airlines and partners with United.  Cathay Pacific has been the only other・"
"2944" "This flight was schedule to leave just after midnight.  The whole flight was full and we were traveling with a 3 and 5 yrs old kids.  The Good things I'm Delta Gold Sky miles member in which gave us priority check in.  The flight attendance are awesome.  They even gave a set of・"
"2945" "I traveled on November 5-6, 2014 and came back a month later, December 19.The crew of Korean Air are very caring, professional and inspiring. Next time I fly to the Philippines, I'd definately count on these folks to transport me there!"
"2946" "A great airline with comfortable seats and economy is better than other airlines. great food and services however after the scandal involving the CEO's spoilt 40 year old daughter and her treatment of the staff, i would not fly with the airline if i had the choice. it was a・"
"2947" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2948" "Everything clean and organized. Food smelling not so good. Stewards fine and polite. Everything great until the moment i wanted to throw up, because of poisoning from badseafood i ate in Seoul. There was not paper bag, the stewards seemed not to understand my desperate calls for・"
"2949" "I have travelled to seoul by Korean Air 5 years ago.  The service, food and plane was good.   I choose it again in 2016.  The Bibimbap is the first meal choice which cannot eat in other airline.   The cheese ice-cream, snack are provided.  I love they still providing the・"
"2950" "We flew on the 748, the seats were very comfortable and felt private and cozy. The staff were very helpful and nice.  Although no Wi-Fi."
"2951" "Korean air has became my favourite airline flying this route by comparison with another airline flying the same route.  The business class seat is less spacious compared to the other airline, but it is just nice fit for Asian built. The staff onboard is very friendly and・"
"2952" "Punctual. Seats were comfortable. Food was good especially the beef dishes. Attendants were friendly and attentive but need to be more proficient in English. Had to ask them to repeat several times. Flight entertainment outdated-need improvement. However, had problems with・"
"2953" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2954" "Well there is no such thing as economy with this airline.  The seating is amazing think it was premium economy on any other airline.  The Service and cleanliness is exceptional.  The staff are very friendly."
"2955" "Korean Air is one of my top three choices for flying. the service, food and amenities are always excellent"
"2956" "Cant say enough about this airline, amazing Customer Service and attention to details. Fly attendants were not only extremely courteous but beautifully dressed. I would highly recommend taking this airline for short & long trips.  My understanding is that the coach experience is・"
"2957" "Just amazing experience. Unfortunately have been flown only once with this airline but really looking forward to fly again soon. Staff so kind, always smiling and ready to assist you at anytime."
"2958" "I have flown Korean Air many times since 2003 and remain in awe of the sustained high quality of service (even in the back of the plane). The cabin crew gives a polite bow at the beginning of every flight I have been on and set the expectation of quality service. Even though・"
"2959" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2960" "This is the first time we used KA and we were pleasantly surprised. I took my 92-year old father to visit my sister and her newborn son to Atlanta and wanted an airline with just one stop and offers good inflight service. We were seated in what other airlines will call Premium・"
"2961" "Korean air 747-8 Absolutely fantastic aircraft, first 747-8 flight between Seoul and Vancouver. Seoul provides a fast and seamless airport experience. Boarding the 747-8 was a both a nostalgic and exciting experience. The plane itself brings back the best of aviation. The crew・"
"2962" "Business class from Bangkok to Seoul for holiday.  Everything worked. Seat has enough legroom for my 6\" frame and goes fully flat. Efficient, friendly and attentive cabin crew. Nice big entertainment screen, with good selection. Plenty of unprompted refills, decent wine・"
"2963" "I've had the opportunity to fly on Korean Air to Asia on several trips. Without exception they have performed with professional excellence. Singapore Airlines aside Korean Air is putting out service and facilities every bit as good. My only comment is that some of the flight・"
"2964" "This is a fantastic, absolutely fantastic airline in all ways except for the business class seats. They aren't the lie flat seat and if you have some regular height it doesn't really work and you can get a much better business class seat on another airline. I haven't flown first・"
"2965" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2966" "Korean Air is an amazing airline. The service is friendly, courteous and quick. The plane is clean and comfortable (for an airplane). The food is tasty and fresh and they serve it with real silverware which is a great touch. I've always had wonderful experiences with Korean Air・"
"2967" "In-flight entertainment <U+2013> Need to improve with more program option.  Most of the program option is old compare to SIA.  Business Class seat <U+2013> The seat is old.  Is time to do a facelift/upgrade on the entire seat. Should replace all business seat to Prestige Suites."
"2968" "We paid a higher price thinking it would be better...but it was average.....breakfast was just a muffin and a yogurt. ...and the cabin crew was bit rude...."
"2969" "Korean Air is by far the best airline that I have flown with. The flight attendants  know what they're doing and are very courteous. Legroom in the economy class may be an issue for long-legged passengers but it wasn't for me because I am tiny."
"2970" "We flew Korean Air from Auckland N.Z., staying overnight at Seoul, and then flying onto London. The staff on both flights were wonderful, and couldn't do enough for us, it was great. I would recommend Korean Air everytime."
"2971" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2972" "Korean Airline is a model of consistency. Having had a handful of long haul flights to North America and Europe over the past 6 months, each of which are very similar and overall very good.   A recent return from from IAD to HKG was basically the same experience we have come to・"
"2973" "reasonable space for legs, very good food. Price of ticket was good, I like this airline, good service."
"2974" "The most amazing flying experience. It was a holiday in itself! Great food, amazing service, the most comfortable bed. I couldn't believe I was on a plane! Worth every single penny. Having access to the business class lounge in Seoul allowed us to have a nice long shower before・"
"2975" "Overall performance was fantastic, comfort, leg room, food and flight attendants were great. We saved almost $1500(for two of us) on the return flight plus an overnight stay in the Grand Hyatt Incheon. This hotel  was great."
"2976" "I booked a flight hotel package for a weekend trip to Seoul, and arriving on smaller Gimpo rather than Incheon makes  the journey notable faster. Since the combination plan it's harder to judge the price/value. The baggage allowance of two bags for this short flight is generous,・"
"2977" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2978" "This airline is so awesome in every way. From the start of the boarding to your seats, you will find the pillow, blanket, and a bottle of water. After you're seated they hand out headphones and house slippers for your use. In either the bag with your house slippers or the・"
"2979" "Mumbai, Cebu, Auckland Though this company had some troubled in Korean, as airline company to us, this airline was good. The service, facility was excellent, but the price was a little high. Except image in Korea, this airline service was excellent."
"2980" "I haven▲t flown on a better airline in 40 years of flying. The service is extraordinary! Before you even enter the plane the service staff bow to their guests before welcoming them aboard. This level of service is unknown in the US,  The food is very good, some Korean dishes and・"
"2981" "This is a great connection to/from Cambodia to Toronto! Really great timing with just enough to stretch your legs out between flights. Great service on the flight. Lovely staff."
"2982" "We have had a lot of luck with Korean Air over the past six months with several nice flights to North America from Hong Kong, with connections in Seoul, including a recent HKG to Washington D.C. (IAD).    As with past flights, online flight information is simple to obtain,・"
"2983" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2984" "We recently flew overseas with a stopover in Seoul on this airline. We were very impressed with it. The seats were wider and there was more legroom than what we had been used to on other airlines. The seats also laid back a little further for sleeping. We were given little・"
"2985" "All 'Western' airline staff should have a 'sabbatical' on Korean Air (Or for that matter on most of the airlines travelling the opposite way around the world to get to New Zealand or Australia - as opposed to LA or San Fransisco way). The service is based on SERVICE. That comes・"
"2986" "Travelling from Hong Kong to Seoul connecting onto this flight to Houston. It was a morning departure. First time taking Korean Air and its B777.  I must say the service was good. The food was also surprisingly delicious and healthy. Cabin crew presence was good with regular・"
"2987" "My flight to Korea was so comfortable and enjoyable. The flight attendants were constantly offering water and snacks. They had exercises during the flight which many of the passengers participated in. The seats were comfortable and the food was very tasty! I would fly Korean Air・"
"2988" "We were very happy with everything about our flight. One great thing........plenty of leg room! Helpful, friendly cabin crew. Will definitely fly again with Korean Air. Stopover included and this was at The Central Park Hotel which was built in 2014 in Seoul and is a beautiful・"
"2989" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2990" "Service is impeccable. The aircraft are clean and punctual. Staff are courteous and helpful and aim to please. The food and beverage service is very good and with a good choice to cater for different requirements.   The ground staff is efficient and get through the huge number・"
"2991" "Excellent airline and great Korean service.  Seating arrangement is not the best unless you get the aisle seat (which I did).  There are two seats at the windows and also a third seat in the middle block, which is not common in Business class with sleeper seats."
"2992" "Excellent experience especially if compared to the quality of service I have experienced in the past with North American airlines. The flight lasted for 15 hours and the flight attendants were present all the time, servicing food and drinks. They were extremely polite and ready・"
"2993" "It was a real pleasure to fly with CSA/Korean Air in business class. The crew was extremely nice and professional. The boarding was very fast and easy. The aircraft from Prague to Seoul was brand new, very modern with flat beds. The food was excellent incl drinks and champagne.・"
"2994" "taking this carrier several times per year, on Prestige Class either from Beijing to Seoul, or from Shanghai, both routes are fine and rather short-haul. Like their cabin atmosphere better than Japan Airlines, everything is held in blue-green leather, even in Business Class all・"
"2995" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"2996" "Well trained gate staff, good and clear announcements, a bit too long however, quick boarding. Nice and friendly welcome by the crew, the served hot meal on the short flight is far enough. The crew remains calm despite some demanding passenger groups. Information given by the・"
"2997" "No complaints about the service or the range of on board entertainment - but be warned - the food served on this airline is of very poor quality. They really should sack whichever firm does their catering! No one expects airplane food to be cordon bleu - at least in economy・"
"2998" "I've only flown once with Korean Air for business and have to admit that I was pleasantly surprised by the experience.  The quality and size/legroom of the seat was good and the attention and level of service from the flight attendants was excellent.  I particularly enjoyed the・"
"2999" "Everything is gud, food is gud,so are movies n stuff. Gud fr long travel. Indian collection is little less."
"3000" "The experience starting from booking the ticket, was fantastic. I had booked with their Mumbai office and the treatment I got from Zaffar and his team made me feel like royalty. They gave me right advice about the fares expected to drop in the days following my first booking・"
"3001" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3002" "Great experience!! A380 was amazing, flew from Incheon to LA, then JFK back to Incheon, both travels were lovely.  The only downside was probably that the subtitles on every film was only Korean, though I could understand English perfectly, sometimes the noise on the planes are・"
"3003" "Nice and Friendly air hostesses. Good service. Food can be  better compared to other world class airliners."
"3004" "It was 9.5 + 11 hours of total flight time for my trip to Hawaiian Islands from Mumbai. However, the Korean Air made it very comfortable.  Right from checkin, boarding and in-flight services the team handled it very well. Leg room was good as compared to other airlines that I・"
"3005" "Flight from Brisbane Australia to Istanbul and back was fantastic. We had great service and nice food. The cabin was dimly lit for sleeping and the loos kept relatively clean. On the way over we had a 20hr layover and Korean airlines paid for a 5 star Hyatt Hotel at Incheon and・"
"3006" "A combination of price and quality made this a great route to New Zealand. Business class \"pods\" on the 777 and new 747-800 outbound and on the 747 inbound, only let down by a replacement aircraft on the ICN-LHR sector which was \"old-style\" business class seating (LHR-ICN now on・"
"3007" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3008" "I had an outstanding experience with Korean Air.  The level of professionalism and attitude that flight attendants demonstrated was unparalleled in my other flying experiences, and they were extremely attentive throughout the entire flight. The food was outstanding, with a・"
"3009" "The flights are great but the ground support is nonexistent. When they canceled our flight they had promised hotel vouchers for our day in the airport. Not what we had planned for our vacation. They canceled our flight while we were on vacation so we were trapped. Instead they・"
"3010" "Rebooked on KE0926 due to delay of KL0855 in order to connect to KE0129. Lost my frequent flyer advantages due to last minute rebooking, but was treated very well. Food was very good. Entertainment due to language problems relatively poor."
"3011" "Enjoyed the legroom. But flight had been consistently delayed throughout the journey. The bibimbap service in flight was interesting. Would suggest serving hot noodle."
"3012" "One of the best best best flying experiences ever!! Staff were excellent super friendly, food was fab and was the most comfortable flight ever. Special mention for your comfort looked after during the flight by the crew!!"
"3013" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3014" "In a word: fantastic!  The level of service and the amenities on the plane are just at another level.  Gracious friendly, attendants provide top notch service and make a 13 hr flight feel like 2 hrs.  Great attitudes & service with a smile is so refreshing!  I can say without・"
"3015" "I went to Guam with Korean Air and i wasn't used this airline before. There was some difficulties to reserve flights because the website just didn't worked out so i had to book flights from Momondo. Staff was very friendly and helpful."
"3016" "Based on service, comfort and general onboard experience, my husband and I found Korean Air to be one of the best airlines we have flown with.  Nobody beats Singapore but this airline just might be in second place!"
"3017" "Flying with Korean air is easy, efficient and comfortable.   Online check-in is made easy, language barrier is not a problem since they provide visual aids they need to ensure smooth communication with their customers. Baggage arrival was fast and efficient.   The cabin is・"
"3018" "Seats were ok.  Food was ok.  They give water when you ask.  Minimal English.  Impressed how efficient they are to fill and empty the plane.  At the check in I had questions, and they barely speak English.  Overall a descent flying experience.  Good entertainment system."
"3019" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3020" "Friendly and helpful airline. I would like to recommended for the female travelers. Most of the staff kindly."
"3021" "Have flown Korean many times and always a positive experience.  Friendly and helpful staff, efficient boarding process, excellent food, very comfortable seats. Try to fly Korean Air whenever possible."
"3022" "Great flight and great service.  The food was great, great entertainment choices and provides slippers, pillow and a blanket."
"3023" "Flew for the first time with Korean Air from London to Seoul, on an A380 plane, and was very surprised and pleased with the service and quality. The staff (who, incidentally, are all extremely good-looking, both male and female) were very attentive and polite, and the amenities・"
"3024" "Flew with Korean London to Auckland return with my wife. The trip down was excellent. Best Business class I've experienced. Very friendly and attentive check-in and flight staff and excellent food and wine. Full lay flat beds. On way back it was not so good. Still fine but not・"
"3025" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3026" "Flying Korean air was a comfortable experience. The staff were very polite and helpful to us. The food that they provide are very nice and stands out from ordinary airline food. The movies and in flight entertainment are all updated and the landscape camera was very nice. They・"
"3027" "Beloved Korean Airlines! In contrast to some other airlines of Skyteam alliance (e.g. Aeroflot, Alitalia, Vietnam Airlines), it is wonderful. You're treated with a great respect, you don't have to suffer from bad food and plastic dishes, you're not turned back from the loos in・"
"3028" "There is definitely a reason why Korean Airlines is one of the best airlines in the world.  Boarding at Seoul was efficient and polite, with ground staff handling passengers well.  Inflight entertainment system is up to date with large touch screens and up to date movie list. ・"
"3029" "I fly Koorean Air often and I am always pleased with their service, food amd punctuality. The flight attendants are helpful and I know I will have an uneventfull flight, which is a good thing!  No Wifi available, but on board entertainment is decent"
"3030" "Excellent airline, Excellent service and Excellent food. The flight was about half full so finding an empty row of seats to sleep on was a bonus on the 13 hour flight. After plane is all boarded find a row like the rows in front and in back of us that is empty and move there and・"
"3031" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3032" "Both departure and arrive shift right hardly when landing. Meal is good. Crew is nice. Overall is good except landing skill."
"3033" "on time departure, called section by section. Surprised by amount of leg room- spacious. Easy to use touch screen , with latest movies. Bathrooms clean at all points of journey. Korean food was fine, but on second part of blight, Seoul to Vancouver, they ran out of the・"
"3034" "Very Spacious, great food,provide toothbrushes & paste, eye mask, slippers, etc... nice in flight movies & monitors"
"3035" "I flew on Korean Air for the 2nd & 3rd legs of a flight from Seattle to Cambodia.  From Seoul Incheon Intl. to Siem Reap and then from Phnom Penh to Seoul Incheon Intl. in early March.  The planes seemed to be somewhat old, the seats were cramped and tight (very uncomfortable -・"
"3036" "We purchased two round trip tickets, PAID IN FULL, in May, 2015, for our vacation in Feb. 2016.  Between purchase and the flight, we had several emails from Korean Air about time change, seat change...no problem.   When we get to the airport, they will not honor our tickets・"
"3037" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3038" "The seat is so comfort, with great entertainment. They have remote on it, so u can play or control it with out touching the screen. The foo was awsome, i tried their bibimbab. the taste is good as i tried in the restaurant in seoul. I will flight with korean air if i visit korea・"
"3039" "Korean Air offers smooth flights, great food choices, and great movies to watch. The staff is also very friendly and helpful. The only thing I disliked were the tiny seats. Sure I flew Economy but the seats were smaller than other economy flights, as they are formed more for the・"
"3040" "The flight was wonderful.  Although we were in Economy seats, they were comfortable and had more legroom than we expected.  The service was 100 times better than any US carriers we've flown.   The equipment was new, and everything worked perfectly.  Meals were tasty and・"
"3041" "We had a terrific experience flying KE from the UK to New Zealand, out in Feb 16 and back in March. It's two long (11-12) flights via ICN. Outward bound we had two overnight flights with a 2.5 hour layover to change planes at ICN. We aimed to stay awake as much as possible on・"
"3042" "Was looking forward to flying with this airline as they advertise their great inflight service all over the place. Unfortunately the service we received was not that good. When they came to serve the food, they just plonked the tray down in front of me. It had 'fish' written on・"
"3043" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3044" "It was my 5th flight with Korean Air, It was nice and pleasant, The crew were very kind and attentive, it will be nicer if they could speak little more English. I had a food issue it was solved with out any hesitant. I love to fly with them again. The only issue is their luggage・"
"3045" "Had been flying with Korean Airline since 2014. i'm impress with their services, and standard well maintained throughout years. Food is fantastic. Flight attendants are very polite, always serve with their signature sweet smile. Take off and landing is smooth.   Movies choices・"
"3046" "焼爽 疏精 辞搾什, 製縦, 覚精 神砧厳精, 益撹 舘授備 渦舌馬陥! 洽瀏釦洽か<U+30FC>哽后≪櫑掣、<U+5E83><U+3005>畑栗辱祀哽鶫蓮<U+5358>又→ぃ Very good services, food, roomy cabin, It is just simply awesome!!!"
"3047" "Good flight, Comfortable as would be expected on an economy flight. We paid a little extra for this flight. I think it was worth the money."
"3048" "They absolutely mean it when they say \"service with a smile\" very helpful, nice flight attendants, seats have lots of space (for a coach seat), plenty of flight entertainment for a very very long flight.  Lots of overhead space, newer planes and very good food."
"3049" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3050" "Beautiful plane, wonderful flight crew, easy flight(s). The plane looked to be brand new. We had to stop in Seoul on the way to Tokyo, but with flat bed seats, it was no problem. The business lounge at JFK was nothing to get excited about, however. We would have gone to the・"
"3051" "I've flown twice on Korean Air's A380 in Prestige/Business Class, direct to ICN from JFK.  The level of service from KAL is fantastic and the aircraft is amazing.  The A380 is massive with the entire top floor dedicated to the lay-flat prestige class.   The flight attendants are・"
"3052" "Loved flying this airlines. Ate all the time with different choices. Wine included with meals. Very attentive helpful, polite staff. Comfortable."
"3053" "The flight attendants and ticket takers were very polite and helpful.  The airplane was configured in three rows of three.  My husband and I booked a window and an aisle and hit the jackpot as no one sat in the middle seat between us.  The legroom is comparable to the economy・"
"3054" "Each year we travel to the UK to visit our son and on our last trip we travelled with Korean Air.As part of the fare we got a stopover in Seoul,where we were accommodated in a superior quality hotel with dinner and breakfast ,as well as transfers ro and from the airport.....At・"
"3055" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3056" "NEAT AND CLEAN SERVICE WITH SMILY STAFF. always polite and considerate. good food choice and entertainment."
"3057" "This was my first time flying Korean Air and I would do it again. I choose this airline at the suggestion of a friend, he said you have to take this route and stay at the Grand Hyatt Incheon.  The food was great, on time service and all my luggage arrived with no damage.  My・"
"3058" "Our flight from New York City to Bangkok (with a layover in Seoul) could not have been better. Comfortable seats in economy, great entertainment selection, good food, and friendly staff. I highly recommend flying to Southeast Asia on Korean Air."
"3059" "My 1st time overseas and i get to board on Korean Air. we having a night flight to Incheon, the airplane was fully booked. Food is really nice, they serve meals, dessert and etc. Entertainment was provided. Stewardess are friendly and really pretty. They speak good english too!・"
"3060" "Korean Air was main flight used for trip to SE Asia.  Flight attendants cheerful and helpful.  Pretty outfits, too.   Food decent.  Overall enjoyable experience.  Reminded me of how it used to be to fly in US 20-30 years ago."
"3061" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3062" "Both were pleasant flights. Entertainment selections were more than enough. I enjoyed Korean dishes served and looking for the same Chilli Paste when I was in Seoul.  Nice staffs, comfort seat, choices of food, clean restroom and being punctual....what else do you need more?"
"3063" "Korean air is always amazing.  Korean air is always spacious for an Asian airline.  They also provide mouth wash and toothbrushes.  They spray the bathrooms when people stink them up."
"3064" "I have traveled with Asian airlines before - but there is something about being treated as a VIP guests from the moment you enter to the moment you leave.  Hosts, both male and female are well groomed and trained as best possible hosts and you feel the centre of attention.・"
"3065" "i really like the service, everything was perfect, really professional stuff, very good food and i remark that stuff are very well trained to deal with kids as this destination is most likely for family with kids."
"3066" "Have flown this airline before, a great yet much underrated airline. Comfortable, food good, service amazing, aircraft immaculate."
"3067" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3068" "Korean Air provides planes which are clean and well maintained and the standard of service provided by staff is very good.  Seats are adequate the IFE is not too bad.. plenty of films even if they are not so good - that's not KA's fault!  Meals are adequate but of course with a・"
"3069" "We decided to upgrade to Business class on a 20 hour flight and chose Korean.  The service was superb and the hostesses were fabulous.  The cabin was very comfortable and we enjoyed every minute of our flight."
"3070" "I flew on Korean Airlines in December 2015. The services were excellent, the foods were delicious, and the movies are good. The Incheon International Airport was nice and clean."
"3071" "Wow, can I just say, this airline is perfect in all respects. the professionalism shown here is out of the question, ideal in terms of dealing with customers. They were so helpful, I did not want an exit seat, so they happily moved me without a fuss. food was not bad, still not・"
"3072" "Jakarta to Busan via Seoul. Flying Korean Air I was expecting a quality as other SkyTeam member has to offer. Flown on several long-haul flights before, I was surprised that Korean Air don't provide amenity kit for my flight. They have earplugs and other items if you ask them.・"
"3073" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3074" "WOW.  You certainly do not go hungry about Korean Air flights, that is, if you are an adventurous eater.  We loved the food, even the non-Americanized stuff.   Even when we missed a flight due to delays, they not only got us on the next flight for free, they also gave us food・"
"3075" "From start to finish we were made to feel as if we were important. Check in went very smoothly and quickly and our luggage ready when we arrived. We had lie flat seats which were spacious and comfortable with a good amount of privacy.I really liked the personal touch from the・"
"3076" "Excellence in service, everthing is good! Food is great and the space of economic class is enough!!!"
"3077" "Korean airlines is one of the best.  They offer unlimited drinks and snacks on their long distance flights, good service on board, and a flight staff that is very professional."
"3078" "The good part - it is the shortest flight between BOM and ICN, the airplane is clean, decent legroom, service is good, special meals are delivered as requested. The negatives - they fly an old airplane and it shows, especially in the toilets. The service is still a notch below・"
"3079" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3080" "We fly to Mumbai 2x a year and pretty much always take Korean Air. We have flown both business and economy.  Korean is the best economy airline to Mumbai from SFO."
"3081" "Korean Air does it right! Flown the route over 3 different times in 2015 and have experienced nothing but top notch service! A long flight ....LV to Seoul, Seoul to CM! Twice I've had to lay-over in Seoul longer than 12 hrs, because of that they put me up in a $250+ pr. night・"
"3082" "I always love to fly Korean Air- first- they the best customer service and the flight attendants are very professional, attentive , although  sometimes there's language barrier but its not a big deal!2nd - the lavatory are always clean.3rd- Toilettries on board- I love the・"
"3083" "fantastic service . nice meals and presentations. price/quality excellent! beds are ok but seats can a little bit better. first experience with korean and among many flights absolutaly one of the best. Theo"
"3084" "This is a long flight but the crew on all legs of the trip were excellent. They are hard working and incredibly efficient. I thought the food was very good for an airline and there was a good selection of movies in English to help pass the time."
"3085" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3086" "I used to fight with Korea air quiet often .Good airline ,good service,good price. I like Korea airline."
"3087" "We had a very nice flight with Korean Air to New York City's JFK Airport from Hong Kong with connection out of Seoul last October. This was one of several good economy class flights we have taken with this airline in recent months.  Flight information is easy to look up on the・"
"3088" "Recently took a trip to the Philippines and the Korean Air flight from Manila to Seoul was far and away the best leg of the trip. Very professional, clean, and courteous. More leg room than expected. They offered the typical in-flight meals, so nothing extraordinary in that・"
"3089" "cabin crew is very nice and friendly.it was nice to see how they welcomed the pax.worth for money.Food was not that great though."
"3090" "Very comfortable flat bed seats. The food was very good. Great selection of movies. The side handle of my suitcase broke on the flight home. I spoke to a Korean Air rep at Dulles Airport. He took the information, arranged for someone to pick up my suitcase at my home, had it・"
"3091" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3092" "OMG!!!!!!!!  If you have to travel over seas to Asia, Korean is the way to go, the service the staff the food the level of class and so on is superb.  The in flight shopping is also fantastic on the A380"
"3093" "We have enjoyed several positive flights with Korean Airline in recent months. One of these flights was a long weekend trip to Seoul from Hong Kong. Korean Airline offers convenient flight times between the two cities and very good service through the booking, check-in and・"
"3094" "Good service, very polite. They call you by your name and you are really treated as an individual. Meals are however quite standard airline food."
"3095" "Decided to go business for our trip to Nz due to the length of the flight and the fact we'd be going straight back to work following day getting back.   Business class is brilliant with this airline, the service is top and the food is several courses or more depending on the・"
"3096" "Korean Air always impresses with its in-flight entertainment, quality service, and amenities. Toothbrushes and toothpaste is included in the bathrooms, and there is a touchscreen behind every seat with a wide selection of movies, TV shows, games, music, and flight info. The・"
"3097" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3098" "Korean Air is a pretty good airline; it isn't my favorite that I've flown internationally, but it was just fine. The in flight entertainment was good, the food was okay, and the staff were friendly and helpful. I wouldn't chose Korean over some others, but I wouldn't be upset・"
"3099" "Have had several flights with Korean Air in recent months from Hong Kong, connecting out of Seoul and have found each to be perfectly fine in pretty much every way.    Online booking simple, prices very affordable compared to recent years. Flight check-ins have been timely,・"
"3100" "I took a round trip from NYC - JFK to NAIA Manila, Philippines with stopovers at Incheon Airport in South Korea in January - February 2016.  I highly recommend Korean Air. Just about everything went right. As with most things, the most important factor is the people. The staff・"
"3101" "Comfortable seats with ample legroom . Flights on schedule. Flew from Brisbane to Vancouver via Korea and then Los Angeles back to Brisbane. Level of service was consistent and excellent. Would not hesitate to fly with Korean again"
"3102" "Having travelled on Singapore Airlines, most of the time and being spoilt by their service standard we were a bit sceptical when we booked Korean Air for our long-haul flight from Singapore to Atlanta via Seoul. Any boy we were bowled over by their professionalism & service・"
"3103" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3104" "Flying with Korean Air for the first time was a real pleasure. The flight attendants were very caring to everyone's needs including mine and made sure everything was extra comfortable. The pilot also did a good job on the flight through the daytime. It was a relatively big plane・"
"3105" "I took a group of men, women, and children on a tour to Korea.  Korean air has standard service that is roughly the same as most other airlines.  It was average in just about every way.  The food choices are OK, but nothing amazing.   The staff seems a bit bored and pre-occupied."
"3106" "I have flown with Airbus 380-800 , very very clean . I found on my seat in addition to the usual blanket and pillow that give everyone ( with a good quality , very big and nice covered ) , there were already headphones and, very welcome for me , a package with slippers , brushes・"
"3107" "Good in flight services and the food and beverage were good.  The in flight entertainment were entertainment with Hollywood movies and documentaries."
"3108" "Nice journey with good in-flight Korean food Bibimap.  That was so far the best inflight meals I have had with different Asian carriers."
"3109" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3110" "I am glad we flew by Korean Air on our trip to New Zealand - we had a very pleasant flying experience. Right from online web/mobile check-in - the efficiency was evident.  We had asked for Indian Meals - Vegetarian for my wife - and the food was wholesome and tasty.  The・"
"3111" "I have flown Korean air several times, and have been consistently pleased with the dependability and comfort. The staff is helpful and nice, the food is good. I'll definitely fly with them in the future."
"3112" "Korean Air was recommended to me by a relative who flew the same route earlier in the year. I was a little apprehensive as I had not flown to Europe with them. We had flown with other more known airlines previously. The trip to Korea was great. The flight attendants were so nice・"
"3113" "The check in desk was relaxed and proficient, such lovely assisants. The leg room was the best we have experienced ; we also had complimentary bottles of water awaiting in our seats and were provided with slip-on slippers for the flight and my feet did not swell half as much・"
"3114" "our very long trip was the best it could be as the service was so good. we travel business class as my husband is disabled and needs the space. KAL and the staff are very efficient. we are so  well looked after. Our wheelchair is always ready for us. The night in the transit・"
"3115" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3116" "Having never used this service before we were pleasantly surprised. The service and meals were great consisting of both Australian and Korean foods, never run out of either. A nice touch is glass for wine and yes in economy. Seats were good and a couple of hidden secrets 3 rows・"
"3117" "We flew business clas from the UK to NZ, stopping over in Seoul. I have done this trip a number of times with different airlines and when younger in economy. Booked the trip over the web for a great price, but not without some doubts. Especially when a friend reassured us about・"
"3118" "Couldn't fault any part of the journey that Korean was in charge of. Flying to Australia is in two parts Paris-Seoul, Seoul-Australia; the only part that let the trip down was returning Seoul to Paris which was combined on Air France and that leg was rubbish. I will definitely・"
"3119" "Originally booked Business Class seats but was fortunate to receive an upgrade to 1st class on outbound flight. I don't believe it would be fair to compare the level of service with all other airlines, but limit the comparison to airlines that routinely receive outstanding・"
"3120" "Go Again  It may take a bit longer to get there but when you do , you get there relaxed  The service I received was no  doubt above 5 stars and should be rated much higher than the so called A grade airlines"
"3121" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3122" "Travelling alone and having overnight stop in South Korea.  Was a bit nervous about the transit component.  need not have worried, well organised - information provided in LHR and NZ before embarking on first of the two flights each way.  Very comfortable 11 and 12 hour flights,・"
"3123" "Flown on many airlines and this sets the standard for service and meals. Made a very long flight almost enjoyable,"
"3124" "Traveling from South America to the US its usually full of overly expensive flights with crappy services, except the route serve by Korean between LAX and GRU. This airline its by far the best in the market transamerican market offering a premium service, high tech aircraft and・"
"3125" "This is one of my favorite airlines. The cabin crew are very nice and very helpful. Their airline meal are good. Specially that bibimbop. This airlines also provide city tour or hotel room free of charge for traveller with long layover."
"3126" "It's a must to experience travelling to Korea with Korea Airline.  Korea Airline provides excellent services, food and beverages. Friendly and kind air hostesses."
"3127" "As the flag carrier of South Korean, Korean Air (KE) is the country's largest airline. Based in Seoul, the airline flies non-stop to 20 domestic destinations and about 100 international destinations across Asia, Australia, Africa, Europe, North America and South America. The airline, which is part of the SkyTeam alliance, also has codeshare agreements with about 40 airlines. Its fleet consists of planes with two-cabin (Prestige Class, which is its version of Business Class, and Economy Class) and three-cabin (First Class, Prestige Class and Economy Class) configurations. Korean Air has hubs at Seoul Gimpo International Airport (GMP) and Seoul Incheon International Airport (ICN)."
"3128" "Nothing special about Korean Air, but on the other side - no problems with any part of the process from online booking, to check-in, and the actual flight/crew.  Their food tends to be above other airlines economy meals and the overall experience was good.  I'll be flying with・"
"3129" "Business Travelers if you have a choice do not pick Korean... Does not work for us...  I have bought my ticket, received confirmation, printed ticket and went to the airport.  I got the counter and I was informed my ticket was cancelled.  They were so bad that they did not know・"
"3130" "I fly this route once a month and I absolutely dread this 9hr flight. It really fatigues you and would not be a great start to a holiday of a lifetime.  The main issue I have is the cabin temperature is ridiculously high and makes for a very uncomfortable flight. At first I・"
"3131" "I was very pleased with the overall experience on this flight. Staff were very friendly and attentive, interior decor was clean, and boarding was smooth. It is definitely a step above the US norm. My only complaint is the Korean Air lounge being so far from the gate, as there is・"
"3132" "Flew from LAX to Thailand through Seoul. It was like the \"old days\" on US PanAm! Flight attendants all within 5 years and 5 pounds of each other and impeccably dressed and made-up during the flight. Food was good and entertainment better. Attendants go out of their way to serve・"
